    [After winning a brutal fight against a kikimora, Geralt kills a deer that was wounded by the monster.]
    Geralt: Today isn't your day, is it?

    [later, in a tavern in Blaviken]
    Isadora: What will it be?
    Geralt: Point me to the alderman's house.
    Isadora: It's down the alley to the left-
    Inkeeper: Isadora! We don't want your kind here, Witcher.
    Geralt: The alderman, tell me where he is and I'll be on my way.
    Nohorn: You don't give the orders around here you mutant son of a bitch.
    Inkeeper: Hear that? Go. On your own or at the end of a rope, your choice.
    Geralt: Not a hard choice.
    Inkeeper: Yeah, fuck that. Kill him with your bare hands if you have to.
    Nohorn: C'mon, Witcher. You're not scared of us, are ya? Show us what you've got.
    Renfri: Can you not leave it alone for a moment?
    Inkeeper: Witchers can't be trusted.
    Renfri: I'm not speaking to you. I apologize for my man's interference in your day. Hopefully he can improve his behavior by tomorrow's market.
    Nohorn: Sorry, Renfri. Come on, lads.
    Renfri: Beer for my friend here and one for me. I am speaking to you now, good sir. Want some breakfast?
    Geralt: I’m full. Venison.
    Renfri: My mother, God rest her, would be mortified.
    Geralt: Our secret then.
    Renfri: So, what brings you to Blaviken, White Hair? You came for a monster?
    Geralt: I was traveling by the swamp.
    Renfri: That would be your mistake then. Why wouldn’t you travel by main roads?
    Geralt: It’s hard to make a living on main roads.
    Renfri: And you desperately need money for new clothes. Two more beers. More and more, I find monsters wherever I go.
    Marilka: How much coin for your kikimora then? I killed a rat this morning with my breakfast fork. Stabbed it in its fat little gut. My mother nearly fainted, but what was I supposed to do? It had been shitting in our pantry for days.
    Geralt: You mentioned coin.
    Marilka: Yes. Isadora said you were looking for my father. She’s a gossip, you see. Probably went two steps into the Lord’s Inn before she was running off telling everyone an evil witcher had arrived. You don’t scare me.
    Geralt: That’s too bad.
    Marilka: And I can also tell you that my father will have no use for this beast.
    Geralt: Your father, the alderman? He posted a flyer.
    Marilka: For a graveir. Kikimoras are useful. Population control.
    Geralt: Hm.
    Marilka: You should speak to Master Irion, our wizard. He’s willing to pay for odds and ends he needs for elixirs. I sold him our dog when it died. Mysteriously.
    Geralt: Fine. Take me to him.
    Marilka: I got 15 crowns for the yappy mutt. That’s enough to buy some new clothes. Just saying.
    Geralt: Hm. Come on, Roach.
    Marilka: Have you ever killed a succubus? A striga? Werewolf? She-wolf?
    Geralt: That’s not a thing.
    Marilka: So you’ve killed the rest? I think that makes you a hero. My mother says you’re the offspring of foul sorcery, a diabolic creation, a filthy degenerate born of Hell. Have you ever been to Hell? I’ve never even left Blaviken. Because my mother’s never left Blaviken, and if it’s good enough for Libushe, then it’s good enough for Marilka. That’s my name. Marilka. Like milk. What’s your name?
    Geralt: Geralt.
    Marilka: Like garroter? Nice. Where are you from, Geralt?
    Geralt: Rivia.
    Marilka: I don’t know where that is, but I could learn, if you’d let me.
    Geralt: No.
    Marilka: Because I’m a girl and girls can’t be witchers. Which I think is probably the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.
    Geralt: Hm.
    Marilka: I want more. I have to be more, because I don’t know what to do in Blaviken for the rest of my life, except go to the boring old market.
    Geralt: And kill rats.
    Marilka: And dogs. Here we are.
    Geralt: Hold Roach. Be nice.
    Marilka: Hey, Roach.

    Stregobor: Greetings. I’m Stregobor. Master Stregobor. Sorcerer.
    Geralt: I have a kikimora for Master Irion.
    Stregobor: Yes, well, forgive the confusion. Irion created this tower, but he’s been dead 200 years. So, in order to honor him, I’ve taken his name as my personal sobriquet.
    Geralt: Hm. He create this illusion, too?
    Stregobor: No, this is, uh… this is… my own creation. Helps pass time more delightfully.
    Geralt: Because you’re in hiding.
    Stregobor: How very clever of you, Witcher. Not often do we see your likeness here in Blaviken.
    Geralt: Not many of my likeness left.
    Stregobor: Hm. I’d offer you my condolences, but I seem to remember that witchers don’t feel anything. I’m grateful destiny brought you to me.
    Geralt: Marilka brought me to you.
    Stregobor: Oh, Marilka. Marilka works for me. Now and then. On matters of great import.
    Geralt: A reclusive sorcerer who uses an alias and hires a young girl to procure him a witcher. You don’t want my monster. You want me to kill yours.
    Stregobor: Very clever. Indeed.
    Geralt: What kind?
    Stregobor: The worst kind. The human kind. Its name is Renfri.
    Geralt: Hm.

    [in a marketplace in Cintra]
    Korin: Damn it. Go on, Martin.
    Martin: Ah, five
    Other boys: Yeah.
    Ciri: Not yet.
    Martin: There’s no way you can get five.
    Ciri: You’re not taking a bite of that bread before I try.
    Martin: Better throw those knuckles.
    Korin: Go on then.
    Martin: Told ya. I didn’t steal the bread. Korin did! Quick! Quick!
    Korin: Hey, shut up you twat.
    Lazlo: You need to come with us.

    [in the great hall of the castle of Cintra]
    Calanthe: As your Queen, I grant you this commendation, which will symbolize your duty and bond as liegemen in fealty to the crown of Cintra.
    Eist: Could use with a bit of feel-ty myself right now.
    Ciri: Gross.
    Calanthe: Do you promise to defend to your utmost the weak, the orphaned…
    Eist: Late wee pups don’t get to bark.
    Ciri: I was playing in the square.
    Calanthe: …speak only the truth…
    Eist: Knucklebones?
    Calanthe: …loyal and brave…
    Eist: Did you win this time? Like I showed you.
    Calanthe: …at any cost…
    Ciri: I would have if the horsemen of doom hadn’t ridden up like that.
    Calanthe: I grant you this…
    Eist: If you can’t win a game of knucklebones for fear of a few horses…
    Calanthe: …duty and bond…
    Eist: …what’ll you do when you go into battle?
    Calanthe: …in fealty to the crown of Cintra.
    Eist: At least you didn’t shit your kecks.
    Calanthe: As member of the Royal Family, is it too much to ask that you exercise a modicum of respect? Especially you. This is your duty as king and grandfather.
    Eist: Grant me leave, my Queen. I am worn from my trip to the Isles. And my bedchamber duties before that.
    Ciri: Gross.
    Calanthe: As your Queen, I grant you this commendation, which will symbolize your duty and bond…

    [back in the mage tower in Blaviken]
    Stregobor: Destiny has many faces, Witcher. Mine, for example, is beautiful on the outside, but hideous on the inside. She has stretched her bloody talons towards me.
    Geralt: Wizards are all the same. You talk nonsense while making wise and meaningful faces. Speak normally.
    Stregobor: Have you ever heard of the Curse of the Black Sun? First full eclipse in 1200 years. It marked the imminent return of Lilit, demon goddess of the night sent to exterminate the human race. According to the wise mage Eltibald, Lilit’s path was to be prepared by 60 women wearing gold crowns who’d fill the river valleys with blood.
    Geralt: Hm. Doesn’t rhyme. All good predictions rhyme.
    Stregobor: I studied the girls born around the Black Sun and I found horrendous internal mutations among them. I tried to cure them, locked them in towers for safekeeping, but the girls always died.
    Geralt: Internal mutations?
    Stregobor: They were autopsied, of course, to confirm my suspicions. But eliminating these women was the lesser evil. They could have drowned entire kingdoms in blood. If you’d been alive during Falka’s Rebellion, see what I saw-
    Geralt: Innocent women are dead. Hm. [additional subtitle: But not Renfri, the beautiful one.[2]] She’s after you.
    Stregobor: Daughter of King Fredefalk of Creyden. I delivered the princess myself in the middle of the afternoon in pitch black.
    Geralt: Under the Black Sun, so she’s cursed.
    Stregobor: Do you consider me a fool, Witcher? Do you think I did not conduct research? Renfri was acutely affected. Her stepmother, Aridea, told me she tortured a canary, strangled two puppies, even gouged out her maid’s eyes with a comb. I admit what happened next was not ideal, but with the lives of Aridea’s own children on the line, we had to act. So I dispatched someone to follow Renfri into the woods. We found him in the brush, Renfri’s antique brooch jammed into his ear. After that, I organized a manhunt to find the princess, but she was gone. Two years. Until she reappeared, robbing and murdering merchants on the roads of Mahakam. Impaled them on sticks at first, but soon, she picked up sword skills. And now no man can defy her, it’s said.
    Geralt: You’re not a man. You’re a magician.
    Stregobor: She’s resistant to magic.
    Geralt: That’s impossible in humans.
    Stregobor: Not mutated ones. She’s chased me for years bent on revenge. And now she’s tracked me here, just as you arrived. Destiny. Kill her. I’ll pay you anything.
    Geralt: I kill monsters.
    Stregobor: The kikimora kills because it’s hungry, Renfri kills for pleasure. She is a monster. She is the last of Lilit’s women. And she possesses the power to destroy us all.
    Geralt: I don’t believe anyone has that power.
    Stregobor: With the fate of the Continent at stake, is that a chance you’re willing to take? There’s your rhyme. Killing Renfri is the lesser evil.
    Geralt: Evil is evil, Stregobor. Lesser, greater, middling… it’s all the same. I’m not judging you. I haven’t only done good in my life either. But now, if I have to chose between one evil and another, then I prefer not to choose at all.

    [in the great hall of the castle of Cintra, this time a feast takes place]
    Eist: These shindigs need a touch of the old abracadabra.
    Mousesack: At your service, Your Majesty. Ticks and illusions to delight.
    Calanthe: He means to pull a disappearing act. Don’t you?
    Eist: No. I saw the Wraiths of Mörhogg over the channel this morning.
    Calanthe: Yes, you mentioned.
    Ciri: Who?
    Eist: No good will come of it. They’re an omen of war.
    Calanthe: The North has been at war since Nilfgaard took Ebbing. If legend is true, the Wild Hunt’s years behind the curve.
    Eist: The Nilfgaardian force crossed the Amell Pass.
    Calanthe: Headed to Sodden, if they’re smart. And if not, 50 of your Skelligen ships are on the way. We have more knights. We are prepared in case-
    Ciri: Prepared for what?
    Calanthe: Nothing for you to be concerned about.
    Ciri: Your dismissive tone says it is.
    Eist: We’re talking of war, girl.
    Ciri: With Nilfgaard? Why?
    Calanthe: Eist!
    Eist: Should we fall to Nilfgaard, your granddaughter will rule. She needs to understand the way of things.
    Calanthe: We will not fall, because we are not under attack! She’s a child.
    Ciri: You won your first battle in Hochebuz when you were my age. I’ve heard the ballad.
    Eist: Pretty ballads hide the bastard truths.
    Ciri: It’s a catchy song.
    Calanthe: Three thousand of my men died. If we must do this now, here is your first lesson. As in life, it is impossible always to be fully prepared for battle. Keep your sword close and keep moving.
    Lord Marbury: Your Majesty… Your Majesty. Thank you for allowing our company at this splendid affair.
    Martin: Your Majesties. Your Highness. Would you honor me with a dance?
    Ciri: Uh… Martin-
    Calanthe: She’d love to.
    Eist: Reminds me of your daughter’s betrothal feast. The night you finally saw sense, said yes. Made me the happiest man on the Continent.
    Calanthe: I did it to save my kingdom. And, no, you may not leave this shindig.
    Sir Danek: Your Majesty, my scouts have returned. Nilfgaard is on its way to Cintra.
    Calanthe: I stand corrected. They’re here. They’re already here.
    Eist: So much for being smart. You should tell the girl.
    Calanthe: Let her enjoy this night in peace. It may be her last for a while.

    [a stream in the woods outside of Blaviken]
    Renfri: The girl this morning, she took you to see Stregobor, didn’t she?
    Geralt: I know who you are.
    Renfri: You know that I want to kill Stregobor then. I used to be a princess. Did he tell you that? Until he sent a thug into the woods to kill me.
    Geralt: You killed him.
    Renfri: With my mother’s brooch. Stregobor’s man raped me, robbed me and let me go. No more princess. I had to survive. I stole rather than starve. I killed rather than be killed. Nohorn and the others saved me. And they’ll be by my side at the market as I get my revenge. Lilit help me, I will take down anyone in my way. Unless destiny intervenes.
    Geralt: You want me to kill Stregobor for you.
    Renfri: It’s the lesser evil.
    Geralt: So I keep getting told.
    Renfri: Stregobor asked you to kill me too. ‘Cause I was a girl born during an eclipse? I could’ve become so many things. Queen Calanthe of Cintra, she just won her first battle at Hochebuz. But here I am trying to convince you I’m not-
    Geralt: A monster. Are you?
    Renfri: How am I to know? When I cut my finger, I bleed. That’s human, right? When I overeat, my stomach aches. When I’m happy, I laugh. When I’m upset, I swear. And when I hate someone for stealing my whole life from me, I kill him.
    Geralt: Hm.
    Renfri: People call you a monster too.
    Geralt: A mutant.
    Renfri: What if they come after you? Attack you?
    Geralt: They have.
    Renfri: Why not kill them?
    Geralt: Because then I am what they say I am.
    Renfri: If I tell you, Witcher, that I can neither forgive Stregobor nor renounce my revenge, is that it? I admit I’m a monster?
    Geralt: Yes. Or you can leave Blaviken and finally live. You choose, Princess.

    [on a field outside Cintra the two armies of Cintra and Nilfgaard prepare for battle]
    soldier: Keep it steady! Steady! Stand by! Hold…
    Calanthe: Charge!
    [meanwhile in the castle of Cintra]
    Ciri: Not fair that I’m trapped here.
    Mousesack: I could magically put you to sleep, Princess. Just an idea.
    Ciri: It’s been two days.
    Mousesack: For you and everyone else in the castle. The King and Queen ordered us to remain here, and that’s what we shall do.
    Ciri: And why are you not there? Wherever they are.
    Lazlo: My duty is t protect you.
    Ciri: You’re resentful of that burden.
    Lazlo: It’s the greatest honor of my life.
    Ciri: You’re both incredibly boring.
    Mousesack: Many, many years ago, sorcerers were known to lock little girls in towers. I’m beginning to understand why.
    Ciri: You know cautionary tales don’t work on me.
    Mousesack: The girls were said to be cursed. They were said to announce the end of the human race.
    Ciri: Ooh.
    Mousesack: So they were systematically killed. The end.
    Ciri: Will my grandmother be all right?
    Mousesack: You will be all right, Princess. You are her blood. And the apple never falls far from the tree.
    [on the battlefield]
    Eist: We’re losing!
    Calanthe: The ships from Skellige?
    Sir Danek: There’s been a storm, Your Majesty. No one’s coming!
    Calanthe: Then we fight alone. We cannot surrender Cintra!
    Eist: Nor will we! [At the very edge of the battlefield Cahir appears on a horse and shoots Eist in the head.]
    Calanthe: Eist. Move! No!
    [back in the castle]
    woman: [praying in her chamber as Ciri walks by] Guide us to the safety of your arms, hold us in your light, protect us from the imperial darkness that threatens our souls. Princess Cirilla.
    Martin: [in the next room] Are we going to be okay?
    Lady Marbury: Don’t worry, Martin. The Queen will defeat Nilfgaard. We will go home soon. Your Highness.
    Sir Danek: …won’t stop until they get what they want!
    Calanthe: …a hundred arrows on my body first!
    Sir Danek: Your Majesty, what must…
    [Ciri hears the familiar voices and follows them to Calanthe's chamber]
    Calanthe: [lying on a couch, badly wounded] My sweet child. Careful. Careful. Cintra is under attack, Eist is dead. Nilfgaard have made their way into the city.
    Ciri: Why?
    Calanthe: The citizens, how many of them are safe within our walls?
    Sir Danek: A hundred or so, Your Majesty. The guests from the banquet.
    Calanthe: The supplies… check we have enough.
    Sir Danek: Aye. [he leaves]
    Calanthe: You’ve been brave, my child, while I’ve been gone?
    Ciri: I haven’t. Ask Mousesack. I’ve been impatient.
    Calanthe: You will rule this land someday. You know that, don’t you?
    Ciri: Why are you saying all this? Are you dying?
    Calanthe: My sweet child, when I go, it will be far more dramatic than this. Now, child, let me rest.
    Mousesack: They’ve reached the gate. [He steps to the window and casts a spell to protect the castle gate.]
    Ciri: What are you doing? How long will it hold?
    Mousesack: As long as I hold.

    [in the forest, Geralt stands with Roach]
    Geralt: You know what Vesemir would say? “Witcher shouldn’t play at being white knights. We shouldn’t try and uphold the law. We don’t show off. We get paid in coin.” And he’s right. Hm. Want to hear about my first monster? Wasn’t fifty miles outside of Kaer Morhen. He was huge. Stinking. Bald head. Rotten teeth. He pulled that girl from the cart, tore her dress off in front of her father and said, “It’s time you met a real man.” I told him it was time he met one too. It took two strikes to kill him. They weren’t clean. But they were spectacular. I turned to that girl afterwards. She was drenched in the man’s blood. She took one look at me, screamed, vomited, and passed out. Yeah. I thought the world needed me too.
    Renfri: Who were you talking to?
    Geralt: I talk to my horse.
    Renfri: That’s sad.
    Geralt: Is it?
    Renfri: Tell me, Witcher. You don’t believe in destiny or the lesser evil. What do you believe in?
    Geralt: You mean, who do I believe. I don’t pick sides.
    Renfri: You just kill monsters. I’ve made my decision. You gave me an ultimatum and I find they work. Tomorrow, I’ll leave Blaviken. For good. My men, they love me and I love them. But it’s been a long time since someone saw me. When I was a girl, my mother used to run her fingers over my forehead. She’d say she’d give a lovely lintar to know the thoughts going around in there.

    [in Cintra]
    Sir Danek: Your Majesty, the Nilfgaardians will breach the castle gates.
    Mousesack: Have breached. My powers could not hold them any longer, Your Majesty.
    Ciri: Now what? What do we do?
    Calanthe: Mousesack. He’s in the gatekeep.
    Mousesack: Destiny may yet side with us.
    Calanthe: Danek. It’s time.
    Sir Danek: Aye. [Mousesack and Sir Danek leave the room]
    Ciri: Wait, where are you going?
    Calanthe: Come here, child. Lesson number two. Know when it’s time to stop moving.
    Ciri: You’re conceding.
    Calanthe: Nilfgaard takes no prisoners. Which means that right now, my citizens are being tortured. Their insides are being pulled to their outsides while they watch. Their legs lit on fire. Their tongues fed to the dogs.
    Mousesack: [he returns] Your Majesty. He’s gone.
    Calanthe: What? In the face of the inevitable, Cirilla, good leaders should always choose mercy. In the future, you will be wise to do the same. Lazlo, bring her cloak.
    Ciri: What? No.
    Calanthe: Continue to be brave. Promise me. You are the Lion Cub of Cintra. You are destined for great things.
    Ciri: I can’t do this without you.
    Lazlo: We must go, Your Highness.
    Ciri: No! [’’her scream shakes the room’’]
    Calanthe: Go. The world depends on it.
    Ciri: I love you.
    Calanthe: Find Geralt of Rivia. He is your destiny. [Ciri and Lazlo leave]
    Mousesack: Your Majesty.
    Calanthe: I saw it too. It is why they came.
    Mousesack: I will deliver her. I give you my word.
    Calanthe: Mousesack. Your service has been an honor to us all.
    Mousesack: As has yours. Your Majesty.

    Sir Danek: [to a noble] I’m sorry to disturb, my lady. It is time. Nilfgaard is nigh. [he gives her a bottle with clear liquid and proceeds to the next room. To Lord Marbury] It is time.
    [Lord Marbury takes two of the three offered bottles and closes the door.]
    Lady Marbury: We can leave. We can find a way out.
    Lord Marbury: This… This I our way out.
    Martin: What are you doing?
    Lady Marbury: It’s me, my son.
    Martin: What is this?
    Lady Marbury: It’s okay.
    [Ciri, Mousesack and Lazlo exit a secret tunnel into a deserted corner of the castle courtyard]
    Mousesack: Horses. Princess, come.
    Nilfgaardian soldier: Hey!
    Mousesack: Keep going.
    Ciri: No!
    Mousesack: Princess, I gave your grandmother my word. Allow me to keep it. Go. [he leaves them]
    Ciri: My grandmother said I had to leave. Why? Why is Nilfgaard here? Why does the world depend on it?
    Lazlo: Hold on, Your Highness. [he helps her onto a horse, then climb up behind her. To the horse] Hyah! [to Ciri] We’re getting close to the gate.
    Ciri: I’ve been protected my whole life, Lazlo. Why? [Lazlo is shot in the neck by Cahir who's pursuing them on horse.]

    [Geralt lies on the ground in the forest, hearing Renfri's voice in his head.]
    Renfri: You’re in the market. Covered in blood. You say you can’t choose, but you had to. And you’ll never know if you were right. Geralt… Your reward will be a stoning. And you will run. You will try to outrun the girl in the woods, but you cannot. She is your destiny.
    Geralt: Renfri. [wakes up alone] The market.

    [in the market of Blaviken, Renfri’s group of mercenaries confronts Geralt with drawn weapons]
    Nohorn: She knew you’d come.
    Geralt: Where is Renfri?
    Nohorn: She’s at the tower with your little friend, Marilka.
    mercenary 1: She gave us a message to pass on to you. You have to choose the lesser evil.
    mercenary 2: It’s an ultimatum. Get it?
    Geralt: Fuck. [he kills them all]
    Marilka: Geralt! Geralt! No. [Renfri approaches, holding a blade to Marilka’s throat.]
    Renfri: You chose.
    Geralt: Let the girl go.
    Renfri: I will kill her. I will kill everyone here until Stregobor comes down.
    Geralt: Leave Blaviken. It’s not to late.
    Renfri: Magic doesn’t work on me. Silver does though.
    Geralt: Silver is for monsters. [Renfri tosses Marilka aside and draws her sword] If we cross swords…
    Renfri: I won’t be able to stop. They created me just as they created you. We’re not so different. [they fight until Renfri is wounded fatally at the neck] The girl in the woods will be with you always. She is your destiny. [she dies]

    [outside of Cintra, Cahir rides with Ciri as his captive. Ciri screams and the horse rears, sending them both to the ground.]
    Cahir: Get- get back here, you little- [Ciri gets away] No. No!

    [in Blaviken, Stregobor finds Renfri’s dead body]
    Stregobor: Incredible. Marilka. Marilka? Marilka! [Marilka approaches] Get me a cart. We’ll take her to the tower for an autopsy.
    Geralt: [he holds his blade to Stregobor’s throat] If you touch a single hair on her head yours will be on the ground next.
    Stregobor: Have you gone mad? Her mutation, it influences people. That’s how she got these men to follow her. We need to take it. She got to you too, didn’t she?
    Geralt. Do not touch her.
    Stregobor: Witcher. You butchered bodies in the streets of Blaviken.
    Inkeeper: You’re a beast.
    Isadora: You endangered the girl.
    woman in the crowd: Beast!
    man in the crowd: He’s killed every single…
    Stregobor: You took the law into your own hands.
    woman in the crowd: Bastard!
    woman in the crowd: He’s a bad one!
    man in the crowd: Get out of here!
    man in the crowd: Get out and don’t come back!
    woman in the crowd: Go on! Butcher!
    Stregobor: You made a choice. And you’ll never know if it was the right one.
    woman in the crowd: Die, Witcher!
    [the citizens throw stones at Geralt]
    woman in the crowd: Go, Witcher! Die!
    Marilka: Get out of Blaviken, Geralt. Don’t ever come back.
    woman in the crowd: Bastard!
    Renfri: [as Geralt remembers her last words] The girl in the woods will be with you always. She is your destiny.
    [credits]

        [a village in Aedirn]
        Tiffania: So, where are you taking me?
        Filip: It's a surprise.
        Tiffania: A surprise? What surprise?
        Filip: I got you something.
        Tiffania: Do tell.
        Filip: Well, if I tell now, it wouldn’t be a surprise, would it?
        Tiffania: You’re a very, very naughty boy.
        Filip: Stand there. Close your eyes. Open.
        Tiffania: A daisy? Not a rose?
        Filip: Roses are cliché.
        Tiffania: Daisies are cheap. [She throws the flowers to the ground.]
        Filip: I can still kiss you, right?
        Tiffania: [As they kiss she notices the flowers are gone.] Where did it go?
        Filip: What?
        Tiffania: My daisy.
        Filip: Thought you didn’t want it?
        Tiffania: Ugh! [She turns around to find Yennefer holding the flowers and takes them away from her.] Now it smells of pig shit.
        Filip: You’ve been spying on us, you creep?
        Tiffania: ‘Course. Look at her No one’s ever kissed that.
        Filip: Could she even stand up straight to do it?
        Tiffania: Where you going, crooked girl? We can teach you.
        Yennefer: Leave me alone. Stop.
        Tiffania: I hear your father makes you sleep with pigs.
        Yennefer: Stop.
        Tiffania: Your own family doesn’t even want you.
        [Suddenly Yennefer finds herself in a cavern decorated with bones.]
        Istredd: Who are you?
        Yennefer: What- what is all this? Am I dead? How did I get here?
        Istredd: Well, it looks to me like you portalled in.
        Yennefer: I what?
        Istredd: You know, portalled. From wherever you were to here. The Tower of the Gull. Aretuza. Oh, you’re a virgin.
        Yennefer: [slaps him] I’m sorry. I’m s- I’m sorry.
        Istredd: Your backhand is even more impressive than your magic.
        Yennefer: My what?
        woman: [echoing from nowhere] We’re not supposed to be out here…
        Yennefer: [Istredd gasps and turns away] What’s wrong?
        Istredd: [pulls a blue flower from a satchel on a nearby rock] If you could conjure that portal out of thin air, she’ll be coming for you.
        Yennefer: She? She who? [Istredd chews the bud of the flower.] What are you doing?
        Istredd: [speaking Elder: "Open the door"[2]]
        Yennefer: [a portal opens] What’s that?
        Istredd: It’s a- a different kind of portal. One that can’t be tracked. See, the one you made has put a target on your back, but this will take you home. Look, you can trust me.
        Yennefer: What’s your name?
        Istredd: Istredd. [Yennefer enters the portal.] Wait. What’s your-

        [back in the village, Yennefer is feeding the pigs]
        Fletcher: Get out of there, girl.
        Yennefer: I can do it. [as he tries to take the bucket, Yennefer falls]
        [Tissaia approaches in a one-horse carriage.]
        Tissaia: How much for a pig?
        Fletcher: I’ll be at market tomorrow.
        Tissaia: Well, I’m here today.
        Fletcher: Ten marks.
        Tissaia: [looking down at Yennefer] How much for this beast?
        Fletcher: Six.
        Tissaia: Four.
        Kaveri: What are you doing?
        Fletcher: Sold. Four marks.
        Kaveri: Have you gone mad? You can’t let them have her.
        Fletcher: As I said, sold. Four marks.
        Kaveri: The woman’s a witch. You know what they will do. She’s our daughter.
        Fletcher: She’s no daughter of mine.
        Yennefer: Mother. Please help me.
        Tissaia: Excellent. I’ll be going.
        Yennefer: You can’t take me! I won’t go.

        [Yennefer gets locked in a room in Aretuza]
        Yennefer: Let me out! Let me out! [She steps to a mirror at the other side of the room and looks at her reflection.] Four marks. [She smashes the mirror and picks up a shard of glass.]

        [A forest in Cintra, Ciri walks through snow-covered woods. In the near distance Nilfgaardian soldiers pass by on horses and Ciri hides behind a tree.]
        soldier 1: Princess!
        soldier 2: Princess Cirilla!
        soldier 3: Princess Cirilla!
        soldier 4: Come on! Now, Princess!
        soldier 1: You, check down there.
        soldier 3: Princess?
        soldier 2: Where are you, Princess?
        soldier 3: Princess Cirilla!
        soldier 1: Moving to the stream.
        soldier 3: You, keep your eyes open.
        [Ciri continues to walk through the forest. As she spots red berries and reaches for them, an object hits her wrist.]
        Ciri: Who’s there? [Alarmed she picks up a branch. Dara appears behind a tree.] Stop right there. [He makes a choking gesture.] You mean they’re poison? [He waves her over, points to a rat running over the ground and holds up a knife.] Oh, uh… no, thank you. I don’t eat rat. [The boy shrugs and turns away.] Wait.
        [Ciri and Dara sit around a fire.]
        Ciri: Wh- Where in Cintra did you live? Where are your parents? Why don’t you talk? I haven’t spoken to anybody in three days. I guess… I’m on the run. I’m supposed to be going towards someone, but instead, I’m running from someone else. He has this… this big bird on his head. I don’t know what he wants from me. We should smother the fire. I can’t be caught by him. I can’t.
        [They’re on their way through the forest as they happen upon a refugee camp.]
        Ciri: Look, it’s the Cintran flag. Come on, we’re saved. [She runs towards the camp, then turns around realizing no one’s behind her.] Rat boy?

        [in a tavern in Posada]
        Jaskier: [sings] You think you’re safe / Without a care / But here in Posada / You’d be wise to beware / The pike with the spike / That lurks in your drawers / Or the flying drake / That will fill you with horror / Need old Nan the Hat / To stir up a potion / So that your lady / May get an abortion
        villager 1: Abort yourself!
        Jaskier: Oh, oi! Stop! Fuck off!
        villager 2: Shut up!
        Jaskier: I’m so glad that I could bring you all together like this.
        villager 3: Sit down and shut up!
        Jaskier: Unbelievable. [Jaskier retreats to a corner and picks up the bread the villagers threw at him. He notices Geralt on the other side of the room and walks up to him.] I love the way you just… sit in the corner and brood.
        Geralt: I’m here to drink alone.
        Jaskier: Good. Yeah, good. No one else hesitated to comment on the quality of my performance, except… for you. Come on. You don’t want to keep a man with… bread in his pants waiting. You must have some review for me. Three words or less.
        Geralt: They don’t exists.
        Jaskier: What don’t exist?
        Geralt: The creatures in your song.
        Jaskier: And how would you know? Oh, fun. White hair… big, old loner, two very… very scary-looking swords. I know who you are. [Geralt gets up and moves away, Jaskier follows.] You’re the Witcher, Geralt of Rivia. Called it.
        Nettly: [stands up from a nearby table to approach Geralt] A job I’ve got for ya. I beg you. A devil- he’s been stealing all our grain. In advance, I’ll pay you. A hundred ducat.
        Geralt: One fifty.
        Nettly: I’ve no doubt you’ll come through. You take no prisoners, so I hear.
        [Geralt takes the offered money pouch.]

        [on a road away from Posada, Jaskier catches up to Geralt and Roach]
        Jaskier: Ah. Need a hand? I’ve got two. One for each of the, uh, devil’s horns.
        Geralt: Go away.
        Jaskier: I won’t be but a silent back-up. Look, I heard your note, and, yes, you’re right, maybe real adventures would make a better stories. And you, sir, smell chock-full of them. Amongst other things. I mean, what is that? Is that onion? It doesn’t matter. Whatever it is, you smell of death and destiny. Heroics and heartbreak.
        Geralt: It’s onion.
        Jaskier: Right, yeah. Yeah. Ooh, I could be your barker, spreading the tales of Geralt of Rivia, the- the Butcher of Blaviken.
        Geralt: [stops and turns towards Jaskier] Come here.
        Jaskier: Yeah? [Geralt punches him in the gut and he falls.]
        Geralt: Come on, Roach.

        [Yennefer’s room in Aretuza, she lies on her bed, bandages wrapped around her wrists.]
        Tissaia: Do you know how many people wouldn’t blink if you died? You get to live.
        Yennefer: Who are you?
        Tissaia: Tissaria de Vries. Rectoress of Aretuza.
        Yennefer: You should’ve let me die. At least I had control over that.
        Tissaia: Oh, that’s adorable piglet. You weren’t taking control. You were losing it. Be in the greenhouse in 20 minutes.
        [in the greenhouse, Tissaia talks to a group of young mages]
        Tissaia: I sense your terror. And you are right to be afraid. Chaos is the most dangerous thing in this world. It is all around us all the time. Volatile and powerful. But each one of you showed an aptitude for channeling it. Your conduit moment created a new ripple in chaos, reaching me here in Aretuza. Anica, you saved a drowning boy with your mind. Fringilla froze a cat.
        Fringilla: On accident.
        Tissaia: Sabrina turned her mother fat. But just because you are conduits pf chaos does not mean that you are capable of magic.
        Anica: I want to go home.
        Tissaia: This is your home. Listen closely. Your survival depends on it. Magic is organizing chaos. And while oceans of mystery remain, we have deduced that this requires two things. Balance and control. Without them chaos will kill you. This is the simplest of trials to see whether you are worthy of the ascension. Between your flower and your stone lies the balance. Lift your stone without touching it. Use the incantation [speaking Elder].
        [Everyone repeats her words, concentrating on the stone in front of them. Fringilla’s stone rises.]
        Fringilla: I’m doing it.
        Sabrina: Your hand… [Fringilla starts screaming as her left hand withers.]
        Tissaia: This is the balance. Demonstrated beautifully. Thank you, Fringilla. There is no conjuring something from nothing. There is a give and a take. [She speaks the incantation and her stones rises while the flower in her hand withers.]
        [The students try again. Everyone succeeds but Yennefer.]
        Tissaia: You’ve lost a lot of blood, piglet.
        [Yennefer continues trying, bites one of the flowers of the stalk and chews.]
        Tissaia: Sometimes a flower is just a flower. And the best thing it can do for us is to die.

        [Aretuza, the chamber with the bone columns]
        Yennefer: Istredd. You were right. She found me.
        Istredd: And you found me.
        Yennefer: My name. It’s Yennefer.
        Istredd: It’s good to meet you properly… Yennefer.

        [Cintra, a refugee camp. Ciri moves to the front of a line for soup.]
        woman: Hey, no cutting.
        Ciri: Don’t touch me. This food was provided by the queen.
        woman: May she rot in hell.
        Adon: [approaches Ciri] Your cloak… My father made it. Ziven Ozol. He clothes Cintra’s finest. You look like you’ve been through hell. Like all of us. [Ciri frowns at his necklace.] “They’re elf ears. I killed them all. Doing my part to avenge human lives lost in Filavandrel’s uprising.
        Ciri: Filavandrel?
        Adon: The elves call him “King”. Last year, he tried to claim Cintran land. My brother got an arrow in the brain. Every day I make sure his death’s not in vain. Come. Meet my family. [He leads her to a large tent.] Come. [They approach ] Mother, I brought someone to join us. This is…
        Ciri: Fiona.
        Lilja: Look at you in your little cloak.
        Adon: Our father just died.
        Lilja: Fighting to defend that wretched bitch and her wretched family.
        Adon: Mother, stop. It wasn’t Queen Calanthe’s fault. Nilfgaard only got past Cintran borders because of elven spies.
        Zeke: Technically, it was the elves’ land first.
        Adon: Our brother died for that land.
        Lilja: And your father died for Calanthe’s selfishness. One conflict after another. Robbing us of our homes, our men, and our lives. When will it stop?
        Adon: When I’m a knight. I’ll have enough coin to rebuild our house.
        Ciri: You’re to be a knight?
        Adon: I have to apprentice, but I’ll be ready when Cintra rises again.
        Lilja: To order and dignity. Oh, child. Your shoes. Let’s get you a fresh pair, why don’t we?
        Ciri: That’d be wonderful. Thank you.
        Lilja: Abbott. [A dwarf servant comes over and takes off his shoes to offer them to Ciri.] Don’t worry. He’s one of the clean ones. [Reluctantly Ciri takes the shoes.]

        [back to the road near Posada, Geralt on Roach and Jaskier walking next to them]
        Jaskier: Reading between the lines and the gut punches, chum, I’d say you have got a bit of a… an image problem. Were I to join you on this… feat to defeat the devil of Posada, I could relieve you of that title. All the North would be too busy singing the tales of… Geralt of Rivia, the- the white Wolf or- or something.
        Geralt: Butcher is right.
        Jaskier: Mind if I hop up? It’s just that, I’m not really wearing the right kind of footwear.
        Geralt: Don’t touch Roach.
        Jaskier: Yeah, right, yeah. [Geralt dismounts and ties the reigns to a nearby tree. Jaskier takes in the valley.] The elves called this Dol Blathanna before bequeathing it the humans and retreating into their golden palaces in the mountains. There I go again, just… delivering exposition. [Geralt continues on foot.] Geralt? Geralt? Wh- Where are you going? Geralt, don’t leave me. Hello? What are we looking for again?
        Geralt: Blessed silence.
        Jaskier: Yeah, I don’t really go in for that. Have you ever hunted a devil before? Have you, uh, have you ever hunted a devil before, Geralt?
        Geralt: Devils don’t exist.
        Jaskier: Right. Obviously. Then, uh… then what are we doing?
        Geralt: Sometimes there’s monster, sometimes there’s money. Rarely both. That’s the life. [A projectile hits Geralt’s head.] Shit!
        Jaskier: Act Two begins! What was that? Looks like a tiny cannonball from a… [He spots something in the bushes.] Oh, my gosh. Geralt… it is a devil. Ooh. I have to see this magical, this mythi- [He’s hit in the head with another projectile and falls over.]
        Torque: [charges at Geralt, they fight] Leave me be!
        Geralt: You talk.
        Torque: Of course I talk!
        Geralt: What happened with you? Your mother fuck a goat?
        Torque: I am Torque the Sylvan, a rare and intelligent creature!
        Geralt: You’re a dick. With balls.
        Torque: Balls I got from humans, who left out food filled with iron meant to poison me!
        Geralt: [Torque rips out a strand of his white hair.] Ow!
        Torque: Did your mother fuck a snowman?
        Geralt: [punches Torque] You are intelligent, I’ll give you that. So I won’t kill you, but you can’t stay here.
        Torque: Neither can you. [Geralt gets hit against the head from behind, everything goes dark.]

        [Aretuza, in the greenhouse the students sit facing each other.]
        Tissaia: Look into her eyes. Look until a door becomes a window. Seek to understand your partner’s greatest fears.
        Yennefer: With our eyes?
        Tissaia: No, piglet. With chaos. Thought transference should flow through you, like learning to dance or swim or kiss.
        Anica: [to Yennefer] Come on, you can do it.
        [later, the sun has almost gone down]
        Yennefer: Anica’s worst fear is snakes.
        Tissaia: Come here. You take weeks to lift your stone. You can’t bend water. You struggle to perform the simplest physical tasks. And now you lie to me? Your worst fear makes such sense. Even if you were a beauty, still, no one would love you.

        [in the chamber of bones]
        Yennefer: Tissaia’s right. I’ve been here for weeks and can barely do shit.
        Istredd: See, my thought transference trial at Ban Ard took… three days. Boy I was paired with had a phobia of cheese.
        Yennefer: I want to be good. Good at something.
        Istredd: You’ll get there. I didn’t give up. Now I can read minds.
        Yennefer: Great. Is that what you’re doing?
        Istredd: You can read me, if you like.
        Yennefer: I don’t think it’s working.
        Istredd: You can see. You can see. Just… Just look past.
        Yennefer: I see them. What are they?
        Istredd: Moon jellyfish.
        Yennefer: I… I can hear them.
        Istredd: Cicadas in summer.
        Yennefer: I can taste it.
        Istredd: It’s warm bread.
        Yennefer: Are these the things you love?
        Istredd: These are the things I thought you would love.

        [in the Cintran refugee camp]
        Lilja: So tired. But I can’t sleep, either. You’re still scared, aren’t you? Well, you’re safe now. I’ve got you.
        Ciri: I’m looking for… for Geralt of Rivia. Do you know him?
        Lilja: Afraid I don’t. He’s a knight?
        Ciri: I don’t know.
        Lilja: What about your mother or your father?
        Ciri: My parents died when I was a baby. My grandmother took care of me.
        Lilja: Where is she?
        Ciri: She, um… died. In the Nilfgaard attack.
        Lilja: Oh. I’m so sorry.
        Ciri: I’m sorry too. For your family.
        Lilja: We’ll get through this together. We take care of our own.

        [in Aretuza, a storm is raging outside, Tissaia enters Yennefer’s room]
        Tissaia: Get up.
        [in Tor Lara, the Tower of the Gull]
        Tissaia: Welcome, Fringilla. Welcome, Lark. Welcome, Doralis. Welcome, Sabrina. And welcome back, piglet. [She leads the students into the center chamber of the tower] Tor Lara, the Tower of the Gull. The most potent place on the continent. Off-limits, except for the Brotherhood of Sorcerers.
        Yennefer: Why?
        Tissaia: This trial tests your ability to control the ultimate expression of chaos. Catch lightning in a bottle.
        Anica: That’s impossible.
        Tissaia: No, it’s magic. Doralis. [Doralis steps into the platform in the middle.] Bottle up. Now.
        Fringilla: [Doralis is struck by lightning and collapses.] She’s still breathing.
        Tissaia: lark, move Doralis aside. Anica, your turn next. Quickly.
        Yennefer: [to Anica] You can do this.
        Tissaia: Quickly.
        Anica: [steps onto the platform and catches lightning in her bottle] I did it. [The bottle blows up in her face and she screams in pain.]
        Tissaia: Piglet, your turn. Faster. [Yennefer fails and is thrown to the ground.] Sabrina, sow these girls how it’s done. [Sabrina succeeds.] The strong amongst the weak. [Yennefer attacks Sabrina with the lightning stored in her body. Tissaia deflects it.] What you did there was pathetic and dangerous.
        Yennefer: Felt pretty powerful to me.
        Tissaia: There are mages like Sabrina who ignore their emotions. And then there are mages like us who are consumed by them.
        Yennfer: Like us?
        Tissaia: Your first night here at Aretuza, you tried to kill yourself. And tonight, you almost killed someone else. It is your job to control chaos, not become it.
        Yennefer: I can.
        Tissaia: But if I send you to advise a king, and your precious little feelings get hurt when he won’t listen, and you submit to chaos, he dies, his people turn on us. Whose fault would that be?
        Yennefer: Mine.
        Tissaia: No. Mine for letting you ascend.
        Yennefer: I understand.
        Tissaia: Do you? [unwrapping the bandages from Yennefer’s wrists] You lie. You keep secrets. You succumb to emotions, to weakness. [The thick scars on Yennefer’s skin are now plainly visible. ] Do you actually have what it takes?

        [caves in the mountains near Dol Blathanna, Geralt and Jaskier are bound, sitting on the ground back to back]
        Jaskier: This is the part where we escape.
        Geralt: This is the part where they kill us.
        Jaskier: Who’s they? [two elves appear, Toruviel kicks him]
        Toruviel: [speaking Elder] Beast!
        Geralt: Elves.
        Jaskier: Oi, that’s my lute. Give that back. Quick, Geralt. Do your- your witchering-
        Geralt: Shut up!
        Jaskier: No.
        Toruviel: [in Elder] You shut up!
        Jaskier: my Elder speech is rough. I only got part of that.
        Toruviel: Humans, shut up.
        Jaskier: [in Elder] Ah, got it, thanks so much.
        Toruviel: Do you wanna die right now?
        Geralt: As opposed to later?
        Jaskier: [Toruviel kicks him again.] No, please, not the lu-
        Geralt: Leave off! He’s just a bard.
        Toruviel: [hits Geralt in the face] You don’t deserve the air your breathe. [hits him again] Everything you touch, you destroy. [The other elf breaks the lute.]
        Jaskier: You hide in your golden palaces. You beat a bound man, too scared to even look him in the eye!
        Toruviel: Do you like my place? Hmm? [grabbing Geralt’s chin] Does it live up to the tales you humans tell? [Geralt headbutts her.]
        Jaskier: Yeah, take that, pointy. [Coughing up blood Toruviel stays on the ground.] Wait, what’s- what’s wrong with her?
        Filavandrel: [entering the room with Torque] She’s sick.
        Jaskier: Oh, and who’s this?
        Torque: He’s Filavandrel, King of the Elves.
        Filavandrel: Not a king. Not by choice.
        Geralt: You were stealing for them.
        Torque: I felt for them. They were forced out of Dol Blathanna.
        Jaskier: Forced out? No, they chose-
        Filavandrel: Do you know anyone that would choose to leave their home? To Starve? To have a Sylvan steal for them?
        Torque: Toruviel, no one was supposed to get hurt.
        Toruviel: What’s two humans in the ground when countless elves have died?
        Geralt: One human. And you can let him go.
        Filavandrel: Then Posada will learn that we’ve been stealing. The humans will attack. Many will die… on both sides.
        Geralt: The lesser evil. No matter what you choose, you’ll come out bloody and hating yourself. Trust me.
        Filavandrel: That’s the problem. I can’t. This is necessary.
        Geralt: I understand. As long as you understand… that it won’t be long before you follow me in death.
        Filavandrel: Yes, because they pushed us from viable soil. Even chaos is polluted. Synthetically enhanced so humans can make magic.
        Geralt: Chaos is the same as it’s always been. Humans just adapted better.
        Filavandrel: You say adapt, and I say destroy.
        Geralt: You are choosing to starve. You’re cutting off your ear to spite your face.
        Filavandrel: You think this is about pride? My elders worked with humans and got robbed of all they had. And when they fought back. They were slaughtered. “The Great Cleansing”, humans call it. I called it digging a mass grave for everyone I loved. And now the humans proudly watch these very fields grow… our babies fertilizer for their grain. I don’t wish to bury anyone else. I was once Filavandrel of the Silver Towers. Now I’m Filavandrel of the Edge of the World. If I bring my people down from these mountains, it would mean bowing to human sovereignty. They’ll make slaves of us. Pariahs of half-blood children.
        Geralt: Then go somewhere else. Rebuild. Get strong again. Show the humans that you are more than what they fear you to be.
        Filavandrel: Like you, Witcher?
        Geralt: I have learned to live with them. So that I may live.
        Toruviel: [gets to her feet] Please, my King. There are others. A new generation. Evellien who wish to fight! Let us take back what’s ours. Starting now.
        Torque: [as Filavandrel draws a dagger] Wait!
        Filavandrel: Torque, stand aside!
        Torque: The witcher could’ve killed me. But he didn’t. He’s different. Like us. [Filavandrel shoves him away.]
        Geralt: If you must kill me… I am ready. But the Sylvan’s right. Don’t call me human. [Filavandrel readies his blade, Geralt bares his neck]

        [the chamber in Aretuza decorated in bones]
        Yennefer: She knows about us. I’m gonna be sent home. We’ll never see each other again.
        Istredd: What do you mean, we’ll never see each other again? No, no. This- This is not the last time. We- We’ll find a way.
        Yennefer: How? W-With one of those extra-special portals?
        Istredd: Oh, look, you know- I wish I could show you, but I- I can’t risk the knowledge reaching the Brotherhood of Sorcerers.
        Yennefer: Why?
        Istredd: It’s not the method of magic we’re taught. It’s older. It’s more potent. It could open doors that can’t be closed again.
        Yennefer: I don’t understand. My worst fear is true. I’m still not enough. Even for you.
        Istredd. Come. I want to show you. Come. [he leads her to one of the skull columns] Do you know whose skulls these are?
        Yennefer: Dead people?
        Istredd: Dead elves. These elves built Aretuza.
        Yennefer: You mean as slaves?
        Istredd: No, no. This was before humans. Elves are the original sorcerers of the continent.
        Yennefer: What?
        Istredd: See, when humans and monsters all arrived after the Conjunction of the Spheres… elven mages taught the first humans how to turn chaos into magic. And then… the humans slaughtered them… so they could pretend the power had always belonged to them. Rewriting history with the stories we tell… the songs we sing about our own triumphs, it’s what we do. But I want to honor them. [pulling one of the blue flowers from his satchel] Feainnewedd only grows where elder blood has spilled. Open your mouth. [Yennefer bites off a small piece of the flower bud.] [speaking Elder: “Open the door”]
        Yennefer: [Speaking Elder: “Open the door”] [A portal opens behind her.]
        Istredd: How did- How did you do that on your first try?
        Yennefer: I should go. [She walks away.]
        Istredd: W-W-Wait- Wait. [catching up to her] Wait. Wait. Wait.
        Yennefer: My father… My real father… he was half-elf. Do you remember the Great Cleansing?
        Istredd: Thousands of elven lives lost.
        Yennefer: That’s how my father died. His blood is… why I’m cursed with a twisted spine. Why I’m only worth four marks. Why no one could ever love me. [They kiss.]
        Istredd: So far, so good.

        [in Tissaia’s office, the blue flower lies on her desk]
        Yennefer: What will you do with it?
        Tissaia: Nothing. Simply wanted to know that you could control your emotions and get it from the boy. That you would. You may go… Yennefer.
        Yennefer: Does this mean I get to ascend? I’m ready.
        Tissaia: Listen for the knock.

        [somewhere else, possibly Ban Ard]
        Stregobor: You’ve been working on her for months. You must be able to give me something. Make Ban Ard proud.
        Istredd: Sh-She’s part elf.

        [Nilfgaardian soldiers raid the refugee camp in Cintra at night. Ciri is woken by panicked screams.]
        man: Lilja! Quick. Nilfgaard. They’re here! They’re here!
        Ciri: What’s happening?
        Lilja: [to Abbott] Go get the horse. Find Adon and Zeje. And take this. [She shoves a bag of silver bowl and goblets at Abbott who drops it by accident.] You stupid little shit! Pick it up and go! Go! [She slaps him hard. Abbott picks up a knife and stabs her repeatedly. Ciri backs away from her screaming figure on the ground.] Help!
        Ciri: [Dara cuts an opening into the tent wall an pulls her through.] It’s you. Wait. [They run through the camp, past soldiers slaughtering the Cintrans.]

        [Yennefer waits in her chamber in Aretuza as she hears footsteps, then Tissaia knocking at the door of the room next to hers.]
        Tissaia: Anica. [Her footsteps move past Yennefer’s room. She knocks again.] Doralis. [Yennefer gets out of bet and pulls out a Feainnewedd flower from a chest.]
        [Tissaia stands with Anica, Doralis and Lark in a cave surrounded by water. Yennefer watches from a concealed position.]
        Tissaia: [Speaking Elder: “From the chaos granted onto you, peace I now give you, as you give us power in return.” She gestures at each of the students, speaking Elder: “Change.”[3] They turn into eels one by one.] Come forth, Yennefer.
        Yennefer: You turned my friend into a slug.
        Tissaia: An eel. Come. Push your friend into the pool.
        Yennefer: No.
        Tissaia: Yes. [Yennefer steps closer.] I took away her control, but she still has power.
        Yennefer: She’s a conduit. For Aretuza.
        Tissaia: Sometimes the best thing a flower can do for us is die.

        [Geralt, Jaskier and Roach move through the valley of Dol Blathanna]
        Jaskier: Credit where credit is due. That whole reverse-psychology thing you did on them was brilliant, by the way. [imitates Geralt] “Kill me. I’m ready.” [Geralt glares at him.] That’s the conclusion. They just let us go, and you give all of Nettly’s coin to the elves.
        Geralt: Filavandrel’s lute not gift enough for you?
        Jaskier: Yeah, she is a bit sexy, isn’t she? I do have respect for Filavandrel. He survived the Great Cleansing once. Who knows? Maybe he can do it again. Be reborn. [sings] Will the elf king heed / What the witcher entreats? / Is history a wheel / Doomed to repeat? [stops singing] No, that’s… that’s shit.
        Geralt: This is where we part ways, bard, for good.
        Jaskier: Look, I promised to change the public’s tune about you. At least allow me to try. [He starts singing again.] When a humble bard / Graced a ride along / With Geralt of Rivia [His singing continues over the next scene.] Along came this song / From when the White Wolf fought / a silver tongued devil / His army of elves / At his hooves did they travel / They came after me / With masterful deceit / Broke down my lute / And they kicked in my teeth / While the devil’s horns / Minced our tender meat / And so cried the witcher / “He can’t be bleat”-

        [Somewhere in a snow-covered forest, Ciri and Dara are crouched by a puddle, drinking.]
        Ciri: [noticing his pointed ears as Dara isn’t wearing his cap] You’re an elf. [They get to their feet.] Thank you.
        Dara. I’m Dara.
        Ciri: I’m Ciri.

        Geralt: [interrupting Jaskier’s singing] That’s not how it happened. Where’s your newfound respect?
        Jaskier: Respect doesn’t make history. [continues singing] Toss a coin to your witcher / O Valley of Plenty / O Valley of Plenty, oh-oh-oh / Toss a coin to your witcher / O Valley of Plenty / At the edge of the world
        Geralt: Hmm.
        Jaskier: Fight the mighty horn / That bashes and breaks you / And brings you to mourn / he thrust every elf / Far back on the shelf / High up on the mountain / From whence it came / He wiped out your pest / Got kicked in his chest / He’s a friend of humanity / So give him the rest / That’s my epic tale / Our champion prevailed / Defeated the villain / Now pour him some ale / Toss a coin to your witcher / O Valley of Plenty / O Valley of Plenty, oh-oh-oh / Toss a coin to your witcher / A friend of humanity / Toss a coin to your witcher / O Valley of Plenty / O Valley of Plenty, oh-oh-oh / Toss a coin to your witcher / A friend of humanity / Toss a coin to your witcher / O Valley of Plenty / O Valley of Plenty, oh-oh-oh / Toss a coin to your witcher / A friend of humanity

            [In a miner's hut in Temeria, a boy lies on his deathbed with his father at his side and a Witcher standing in the shadows nearby.]
            Mikal: It comes on a full moon to feed. That's what Ma used to say. When a wolf crosses a maiden's grave. A pregnant girl who died before her time. That babe starts growing right in her belly. When it's big enough that babe rips out. Only it ain't a babe no more. It's a monster. A vukodlak. I swear, Witcher, that's what got me. I swear I saw it. I swear on my Ma's grave, I saw it...
            Tsoka: Shh. Shh, shh.
            Witcher: Three thousand Ores. Up front.

            [At night, the unknown witcher follows the trail of the monster, but is killed by it.]

            [Geralt and Danica in bed of a rented room]
            Danica: [tracing his scars] This… I definitely know. [singing] The vampire bled / As white as a sheet / And yet her dead heart did beat / Did beat [She stops singing and touches another scar.] The kikimora? [She kisses the scar and moves further down to a scar at his knee.] Hmm. I don’t recall the bard singing of this one. Who would dare try and rob you of your treasure? A woman?
            Geralt: Princess.
            Danica: Were you in love? What’s her name?
            Geralt: When you live as long as I do, all the names start to sound the same.
            Danica: Were destiny a kinder bitch, a whore like me wouldn’t have to settle for her client’s telltales. A friend of yours came through here last month headed for Temeria.
            Geralt: Friend?
            Danica: Another witcher. I blessed that prick with my fullest efforts, too, and he-
            Geralt: What’s in Temeria?
            Danica: Do you not just hear me talking?
            Geralt: Shouldn’t you know when someone’s pretending?
            inkeeper: [knocking on the door] It’s been three nights. Pay up or get out!
            Geralt: Temeria?
            Danica: It’s got a pest problem. A few miners rounded up 3000 orens to have it killed. Your boy took the coin and ran.
            innkeeper: [banging against the door] You hear me?
            Geralt: [handing her a coin purse] Thank you… for… everything.
            innkeeper: Witcher!
            Danica: Hm. What about the room?

            [Outside, Geralt and the innkeeper approach Roach.]
            Geralt: [to Roach] Don’t judge me. [to the innkeeper] I’ll be back with payment in a few days. Anything happens to my horse…
            innkeeper: You don’t scare me.
            Geralt: [advances on the man] Point me to Temeria.

            [Temeria, night, Geralt passes a sign that reads: “Temeria: Realm of monsters and cowardly kings.”]

            [underground, a gathering of miners]
            human miner: Years of attacks by this creature, and the king does nothing. We must force his hand. Lay down our picks and refuse to work.
            one-eyed dwarf: And a half-measure ain’t gonna do! We’ve got to move on. Plenty of work south of Sodden.
            Tsoka: My son, rest his soul, told me in Nilfgaard the king diddled whores while his subjects starved. Then someone came. The Usurper. And he rallied the people, and they took back what was theirs!
            miners: Yeah!
            Tsoka: I say we follow their lead! [all cheer in approval]
            Geralt: You can’t kill the vokodlak, so you decide to kill your king? Great plan.
            Tsoka: Another fuckin’ witcher. Your kind already swindled us once.
            Geralt: I take payment after the job is done and for a third of the price. An apology… from my guild to yours.
            Tsoka: And if you can’t kill it?
            Geralt: Then I die.
            [A group of soldiers appears, well-equipped with weapons and armor.]
            Lord Ostrit: Please. Everyone remain calm. Lower your weapons and return to your homes. Do so quickly and without further theatrics, and you have my word that our king will not hear of this treason.
            Tsoka: Foltest commits treason. He hides in his winter caste as we are eaten.
            miners: Yeah!
            Lord Ostrit: Mikal was a good boy. [laying a hand on Tsoka’s shoulder] Revenge will not ease your pain.
            [Tsoka shoves his hand away and spits in front of his feet. The soldiers immediately draw their weapons and the miners grab their tools harder, prepared to fight. Lord Ostrit raises his hand and his soldiers stand down.]
            Tsoka: You know nothing of my pain. [He turns away and leaves, the other miners following.]
            Geralt: [to Lord Ostrit] Does Foltest have a plan?
            Lord Ostrit: [to his soldiers] See this one to our borders. Temeria’s had their fill… of witchers.

            [Night, a road through snow-covered woods. Geralt is escorted by four soldiers on horseback. Suddenly they fall to the ground, unconscious. Geralt draws his sword and prepares for an attack.]
            Triss: Witcher. [approaching from behind] You can put down your sword. I’m not here to hurt you.
            Geralt: Says the witch hiding in the woods.
            Triss: Sorceress.
            Geralt: Witch.
            Triss: Triss Merigold. I serve King Foltest.
            Geralt: [lowers his sword] So he makes a show of kicking me out… then sends his errand girl to slip me some coin so I kill his monster. Not a very original plan for a king.
            Triss: It’s my plan. My coin. And I don’t want you to kill the beast. I want you to help me save it.

            [Triss’ laboratory]
            Triss: Six years ago stable hands started vanishing at the castle above the city. Before long, citizens were disappearing throughout all Temeria. Foltest’s royal guard soon realized the creature was coming from the crypt where the king’s sister Adda is buried. Rumor has it she was having an affair with a young man in town when she died.
            Geralt: Was she pregnant?
            Triss: Well, if she were, that would make her child the sole heir to the throne as Foltest never married. The king fled the castle, ignoring the rising death toll. After Nilfgaard overthrew their king, the brotherhood couldn’t risk it happening again, so they sent me here three months ago to cure the creature.
            Geralt: Vukodlaks are freak mutations. They can’t be cured.
            Triss: Good thing it’s not a vukodlak.

            [vaults beneath the castle, a number of open coffins with corpses preserved in salt]
            Triss: Two thousand orens if you can tell me what exactly killed these people.
            Geralt: [stepping to the witcher’s corpse and snapping the medallion from his neck] You didn’t want the people to know that it bested a witcher. And you let them believe that he fled with their coin. [He starts examining the corpse by digging into his open chest cavity.]
            Triss: You two clearly weren’t acquainted.
            Geralt: His heart’s missing along with his liver. Only one creature I know is that picky an eater. A striga.
            Triss: Strigas are old wives’ tales.
            Geralt: They’re very rare. The only way to make one is through a curse.
            Triss: Someone wanted Adda dead.
            Geralt: Mm-hmm. But the curse didn’t stop with Adda. It turned her daughter into a monster.
            Triss: Her daughter?
            Geralt: Strigas are female. This striga’s a princess.

            [Istredd and Yennefer having sex in the bone-decorated chamber in Aretuza. A magic illusion depicts their teachers watching.]
            Istredd: Uh… can… can… U, can they do something? Uh, they- they’re just watching.
            [When the two finish, the teachers clap and then vanish.]
            Istredd: I was a nice touch with the applause. So how many more times do you think we get to do this?
            Yennefer: I don’t know. Soon you’ll be off to your ruins, dashing explorer.
            Istredd: Part-time dashing explorer. Stregobor says Temeria leans heavily on its mages.
            Yennefer: So maybe you’ll be too busy for me.
            Yennefer: Or maybe you’ll be too busy for me once you get a taste of Aedirn revelry. King Virfuril is handsome. Allegedly.
            Yennefer: If I do a good job I can persuade him to give you access to our ruins. Maybe we’ll do this forever.
            Istredd: Yeah. Well, after the initiation today, we’re in charge. We get to make the decisions, be who we want to be. What’s wrong?
            Yennefer: Fringilla and the others see their ideal selves to clearly. They know exactly what they want for their enchantments.
            Istredd: Stop worrying so much.
            Yennefer: Easy for a Ban Ard boy. You dolts needn’t change a single wrinkle before heading to court.
            Istredd: What do you want?
            Yennefer: Remember that cared girl who tumbled at your feet in this cave… totally unaware of her power? I want to go back home to Aedirn and never be her again.

            [Aretuza, a ring of fire on the tiled floor and a mirror in the center of the room]
            Giltine: You’re bound for Aedirn?
            Yennefer: Yes.
            Giltine: Let me be candid. You are a… first draft of what nature intended, yes? Lucky for you, I’m the final artist. Every girl I enchant leaves Aretuza a living work of art. Hmm? No matter how challenging the clay. [He raises his arms and snaps his fingers. Light fills the room revealing mannequins wearing gowns. They select a gray dress and Yennefer holds it in front of herself.] Perfect for Aedirn. A gray dress assumes importance without bald ambition. [Tissaia enters.] Ah. Not the final look. More a preview. [Tissaia sends him away with a jerk of her head and he leaves.]
            Tissaia: There is not a person alive that does not look into the mirror and see some deformity. Except for us. We remake ourselves on our terms. The world has no say in it. [ nodding towards the mirror] Look. You can free the victim in the mirror forever.
            Yennefer: I don’t know where to begin.
            Tissaia: Close your eyes. I said close them. Imagine the most powerful woman in the world. Her hair, the color of her eyes, yes… but also the strength of her posture. The poise of her entire being. Do you see her?
            Yennefer: [nods] Yes.
            Tissaia: [lays a hand on Yennefer’s head and with the other touches the mirror where the reflection starts to glow] Open your eyes. She is stunning.

            [King Foltest’s winter castle, dining room]
            Captain Segelin: Miss Merigold, you were dispatched to settle a family affair, not to enlist a mutant mercenary for a game of sleuthing.
            Triss: This is no game, Captain. Tonight is a full moon and Geralt has already proved himself to be invaluable. We believe we can cure the creature.
            Captain Segelin: You say she’s a girl. Then you will refer to her as Her Royal Highness.
            Lord Ostrit: Segelin, I believe urgency warrants flexibility I court decorum.
            Captain Segelin: The witcher’s theory is nonsense. Princess Adda was the people’s angel. Who’d wish to murder her?
            Geralt: What about her lover?
            Captain Segelin: Seditious rumors. Idle courtesans trading out boredom for jealousy.
            Triss: Perhaps if you called off your guards, if we were able to search the abandoned castle, we could find clues as to who cursed her.
            Captain Segelin: Except this witcher would kill the princess as she sleeps, and collect the miners’ coin.
            Geralt: Call her a princess. Call her a unicorn if you’d like to. She grew inside Adda, feeding on her petrified womb.
            Captain Segelin: Have you no respect?
            Geralt: Mutating. Growing for years till she got so hungry… she was forced to slither out. Rotten muscle, bent bones, two spidery legs, claws dragging in the dirt. An overgrown abortion.
            King Foltest: Enough.
            Captain Segelin: Your Highness?
            King Foltest: Leave.
            [Geralt tricks the others into leaving the room before him, closes the door and bolts it shut.]
            guard: Hey! Open the door! [They start banging against the door.] Open this door! Protect the king! Witcher!
            Geralt: [to King Foltest] Who’s the princess’ father?
            King Foltest: My men will kill you, Witcher.
            Geralt: Hmm. It’s funny. You learn that your sister was murdered, and you didn’t even flinch. But the moment I mention the girl’s father… Why were you never married?
            King Foltest: You are speaking to a king.
            Geralt: That is exactly my point. Why not produce your own heir? Why not kill the striga and avoid this revolt? Why drag this all out? Between you and me… who is the striga’s father?
            King Foltest: I remember hearing stories about witchers when I was a child. Is it true what they say? That the mutations that grant you your… abilities also erase your emotions? Must be. ‘Cause only a man devoid of all heart could accuse a brother of bedding his murdered sister while urging him to kill her. [The guards finally break through the door, but Foltest raises his hand and they stop.] Leave Temeria. Never return.

            [meeting of the Chapter]
            Tissaia: Cintra continues their animosity towards our organization.
            Artorius: Don’t tell me they’re employing druids or worse, fortune tellers. [all laugh]
            Tissaia: King Dagorad has banned mages from Cintra, God knows why.
            Stregobor: I’ve heard rumors he’s taken ill. Now, if the king dies, perhaps his heiress will be more pliable. Princess…
            Tissaia: Calanthe? Good luck with that. Word is she’s even more stubborn than her father is.
            Artorius: How fares Nilfgaard?
            Vanielle of Brugge: King Fergus is proving to be an effective and excitable young king.
            Stregobor: Horny, she means. Spending the kingdom’s money on women as his people starve to death.
            Tissaia: Fringilla will be in Nilfgaard by week’s end. She will bring sanity and bread to the people.
            Stregobor: Your girl is- With all due respect, [to Artorius] your niece is only capable of doing what she’s told.
            Artorius: No ambitious mage wants to be assigned anywhere south of Sodden. But Nilfgaard needs correcting. Perhaps we consider sending someone there with a bit more… spine. Stregobor, did you have anyone in mind?
            Stregobor: [to Tissaia] What about your hunchback protégé? How’s her… spine?
            Tissaia: We agreed Yennefer would thrive in Aedirn. King Virfuril prefers mages from his kingdom, and Yennefer was born in Vengeberg.
            Stregobor: Oh, we’d be spitting in Dagorad’s face if we send Yennefer to their biggest trade partner. The only thing Cintra hates more than mages is… elves.
            Artorius: Yennefer’s of elven blood?
            Tissaia: Quarter elf.
            Stregobor: Watch a Cintran do that math.
            Tissaia: Let’s not model our wisdom on prejudice and paranoia.
            Artorius: Prejudiced or not, you can’t deny Cintra has operated outside our influence far too long.
            Stregobor: Unchecked kings and queens lead to rebellions. Massacres. It’s the reason this chapter was formed.
            Tissaia: Still afraid of Falka, are you? [to Artorius] And you, you spare your niece her duties? Not enough fragrance in Toussaint to take the stench off that nepotism.
            Artorius: Let the Chapter vote, then. I’ll even recuse myself. All in favor of Yennefer to Nilfgaard instead of Fringilla?

            [Yennefer stands in front of the small mirror in her room, gray dress in her hands.]
            Yennefer: [talking to herself] Your excellence, it’s an honor. The honor is mine
            Giltine: [enters with a red dress in his hands] King Fergus chose this. [He holds out the dress to Yennefer.] Not me.
            Yennefer: King Fergus of Nilfgaard? What are you talking about?
            Giltine: Uh…

            [Yennefer marches into Tissaia’s office.]
            Yennefer: I demand an audience with the Chapter.
            Tissaia: I handle court assignments, Yennefer. Not the Chapter.
            Yennefer: You promised me Aedirn.
            Tissaia: New items came to light which led me to believe that you would be a better fit for Nilfgaard.
            Yennefer: There’s no power in puppeting fools, especially one who’d sooner fondle his sorceress than listen to her! I don’t think new items came to light. I think the Chapter overruled you. Is that it? Yeah? The all-powerful sorceress Tissaia de Vriess knocked down from her glass pedestal. [Yennefer laughs.]
            Tissaia: ‘Twas your blood. Efforts in Cintra prevent the Brotherhood from placing a mage with elven blood in Aedirn’s court.
            Yennefer: How could you tell them?
            Tissaia: [shakes her head] I did not. Stregobor did. Divine the rest.

            [An abandoned castle in Temeria, two soldiers guard the gate. Geralt hides nearby.]
            guard 1: How many more hours?
            guard 2: Too many.
            Triss: [walks up to Geralt from behind] You were told to leave Temeria.
            Geralt: But come on. These views.
            Triss: Are you going to kill her?
            Geralt: [frowns at her] I don’t want the miners’ coin.
            Triss: Or mine, apparently. What is this girl to you? Why do you care?
            Geralt: You first. I saw how Foltest and his boy spoke to you. Why help those who won’t listen?
            Triss: I’m sure someone as legendary as you has already figured out several ways to get past Segelin’s guards.
            [Geralt picks up a stone and throws it at the gate behind the soldiers. They flee in fear.]
            guard 1: Move away.

            [inside the abandoned castle, a corridor littered in dirt and bones]
            Triss: Temeria reeks of secrets. I could sense them. Just like I could these bodies before we entered. I imagine you sense them, too. [about a portrait of two children hanging on the wall] Foltest and Adda. What happened to them? [to Geralt] Not answering questions is a pillar of your brooding charm.
            Geralt: Pretty sure Foltest is the father.
            [They walk up a staircase and enter Adda’s bedroom.]
            Triss: Adda’s bedroom. Do you think he cursed her? Foltest?
            Geralt: Maybe. [He inspects the bed, inhaling deeply to pick out the smell of Lord Ostrit.]
            Triss: [She finds a hidden drawer with letters in a wooden music box. She unfolds them to have a look.] Geralt. Letters. From Queen Sancia, Foltest and Adda’s mother.
            [The letter in her hand reads:
            “My dearest Adda,
            You must leave your room one day soon, my child. You must maintain your strength. Despite the crimes you have committed (against the) crown, you remain my only one, my little girl. Understand that (…) that you and Foltest may not see one another again. (…) that your sin cannot be repeated you will (…) Foltest will take the crown with (…) transgressions, and it is (…) I am tempted (…)”]

            [back in the castle, Triss’ laboratory]
            Lord Ostrit: [holding the letters in his hands] A queen mother cursing her own children for their affair. This could destroy the throne.
            Geralt: Sancia wanted Adda to get rid of the child.
            Triss: Seems the refused. Repeatedly.
            Lord Ostrit: And now she’s taken that curse with her to the grave.
            Triss: You’ve served the family for decades. Was Sancia involved in dark sorcery of any kind?
            Lord Ostrit: No. Of course not.
            Geralt: What was your relationship to Adda?
            Lord Ostrit: Well, I like to think that she saw me as a confidant. And protector, even. We used to talk at great length about her troubles. She could be very naïve.
            Geralt: She ever mention her brother?
            Lord Ostrit: Certainly not like this.
            Triss: She was ashamed.
            Lord Ostrit: Or she was frightened. What of the relationship was not… consensual?
            Geralt: Hmm. You think he raped Adda, then cursed the child to cover it up?
            Lord Ostrit: Well, kings have done more for less.
            Geralt: True. [sighs] There’ only one wrinkle, though. [He advances on Ostrit and smells.] You scent was on her sheets.
            Triss: Geralt.
            Geralt: Old ones… and new ones.
            Lord Ostrit: What would I be doing in a dead girl’s bed?
            Geralt: [leans in closer] I smelled what you were doing.
            Lord Ostrit: Foltest had no right! [Geralt growls.] He seduced Adda. Abused his position. He was always nagging her for attention. Always nagging! But he didn’t love her. I did.
            Triss: You cursed the woman you loved?
            Lord Ostrit: I cursed Foltest, not her.
            Triss: Countless are dead because of your jealousy.
            Lord Ostrit: Countless are dead because of Foltest! He spoiled Adda with his seed. He refuses to kill this striga. He lies to his people. And yet you wag your finger in my face.
            Triss. If you wanted him to suffer, you could have just exposed the affair.
            Lord Ostrit: And hurt Adda? Never. Her memory will not be sullied, not while I’m alive to protect it.
            Geralt: Tell us how to lift the curse.
            Lord Ostrit: No. Foltest will watch as Temeria turns against him. Just as he turned Adda against me.
            Geralt: Hmm. [steps forward and punches Ostrit in the face]

            [at Aretuza, ascension of the apprentices]
            Sabrina: I, Sabrina Glevissig, offer myself to the Brotherhood to make good on the promise of the Spheres. To not place power before virtue. To respect…
            Istredd: [scanning the crowd, telepathic] Where is she?
            Fringilla: [telepathic] You didn’t hear?
            Sabrina: …for as long as my flesh endures.
            Artorius: Welcome to the Brotherhood of Sorcerers. You may perform your enchantment.

            [In the cabin with bone columns, Yennefer writes.]
            Istredd: Yenna. Yenna, what are you doing?
            Yennefer: Undoing what you’ve done. I’ll have my father sign this deed declaring me his natural-born daughter and not an elven bastard. Do you really think this slip of paper will fool the Chapter? Yenna- [He reaches out to touch her shoulder.]
            Yennefer: Get your hands away from me!
            Istredd: It was a test. I was, uh, an idiotic manipulation. Forgive me.
            Yennefer: Can your apology save me from Nilfgaard? Take me to Aedirn? Do they make me more than my blood?
            Istredd: And you think this will? [pointing at the writing in her hand]
            Yennefer: [She crumbles up the piece of paper and throws it to the floor.] Fine. Tell them you lied. Say you concocted this slander to gain the favour of your precious rector.
            Istredd: It’s too late. You missed initiation. The enchantments are done. Think clearly.
            Yennefer: You’re so smart, aren’t you? You know everything.
            Istredd: I’m sorry. I had no way of knowing how the information would be used. But neither did you.
            Yennefer: Do not turn this on me.
            Istredd: Ah, so we’re pretending your precious rectoress never ordered you to spy on me? Look, I- I can fix this. The brotherhood- they’ve offered me a seat on the Research Chapter. Me. Okay? Neither of us have to go to court.
            Yennefer: You can’t be serious?
            Istredd: We can travel the continent together. We can be together. We can forge a whole new destiny.
            Yennefer: Ah. A life holding dustpans while you brush off forgotten bones? That’s not destiny. That’s slow suicide.
            Istredd: You don’t mean that.
            Yennefer: Would it frighten you to know you’re not privy to every one of my thoughts?
            Istredd: You are patronizing me. I was going to Temeria for you.
            Yennefer: That was your decision.
            Istredd: Oh, you really think I wish to waste my days gossiping at court? That’s your fetish, not mine.
            Yennefer: A true man would state his desires.
            Istredd: Well, how would I recognize them? Huh? You get off on disguising yours as my own. Oh. Stregobor was right. That’s exactly why you’re here, exactly what she taught you. Everyone’s a pawn.
            Yennefer: I will not be schooled by a man who pimps the world a s some romantic adventure. My world is cruel. Unpredictable. You enter, you survive, you die. [She moves to leave but Istredd grabs her arm.]
            Istredd: You know, victimhood is not your color.
            Yennefer: Nor heroism yours. [She storms off.]
            Istredd: You’re just angry because you lost your chance to be beautiful!
            Yennefer: [turns around] I want to be powerful.
            Istredd: Seen and adored with everyone watching.
            Yennefer: It is what I’m owed.
            Istredd: No amount of power or beauty will ever make you feel worthy of either.

            [Aretuza, ballroom, filled with mages and nobility alike, dancing.]
            King Virfuril: [to Fringilla] Let’s take a rest, dear. [He leads her off the dancefloor.]
            Queen Sancia: [to Foltest who’s playing with Adda’s hair] Foltest, leave your sister be. Show Madame de Vriess some respect. [Her children bow as Tissaia approaches.]
            Tissaia: What wonderful children, Your Highness.
            Queen Sancia: Thank you.
            Tissaia: [approaching King Virfuril and Fringilla] Your Excellence.
            King Virfuril: [glancing at Fringilla] An Aedirnian would surely have had better footing. [Tissaia’s smile fades]

            [Yennefer storms into Giltine’s room.]
            Yennefer: You claim to be quite the artist. Prove it.
            Giltine: The Chapter would have my head.
            Yennefer: Do they already have your cock?
            Giltine: I need time to prepare the herbs.
            Yennefer: That won’t be necessary.
            Giltine: Don’t be foolish. You can’t be awake during the procedure.
            Yennefer: I can.

            [Temeria, night with a full moon. A group of soldiers guard the gate of the abandoned castle, Captain Segelin at the front. Geralt approaches them, sighs. He draws his sword and the soldiers follow suit. They part down the middle as Foltest steps forward.]
            King Foltest: Oh so quick to violence. Strange, considering what Miss Merigold told me about you.
            Geralt: And what’s that?
            King Foltest: She told me… to trust you. Will this work? Answer honestly.
            Geralt: I don’t know.
            King Foltest: Will my… will my daughter… be normal?
            Geralt. She’ll need special care. She’s lived as an animal. All she’s ever known is… rage and hunger. [Geralt sighs and puts away his sword, the soldier’s sheath theirs. He takes Renfri’s broach from his pack and holds it out to Foltest.]
            King Foltest: [taking it] What is this?
            Geralt: For the princess. If I can lift the curse. A gift.
            King Foltest: You’re giving me this because you do not expect to see morning.
            Geralt: This isn’t my first time trying to save a princess who others see as a monster.
            King Foltest: What happened to that princess?
            Geralt: I killed her.
            King Foltest: I did try to resist, at first, with Adda. We both did. For all it brightens, love casts long shadows. I envy you. To live and never have to fall in love. [The soldiers leave, allowing Geralt inside the castle.]

            [inside the abandoned castle, Adda’s bedroom, Lord Ostrit tied to the bedposts]
            Lord Ostrit: Witcher. This is madness. What are we doing here? What’s happening?
            Geralt: How can I lift the curse?
            Lord Ostrit: No. This is not right. Foltest must pay for what he did.
            Geralt: Explain that to her.
            Lord Ostrit: Carry me out. I order you.
            Geralt: Tell me how to lift the curse.
            Lord Ostrit: She- She was hiding from the Brotherhood. She sold me a lamb. Sh-She told me to wait until a full moon, to wait and then to kill it. And then I recited some silly chant. And then I bathed in the lamb’s blood until sunrise. Until the rooster crowed three times. And that is all. I swear. I swear. Now please let us leave.
            Geralt: What was the chant?
            Lord Ostrit: It was years ago. It was elven. Um… [He recites the chant and Geralt’s eyes widen.] Wh- what is it? The- I- I’ve done what you’ve asked. What more can I do?
            Geralt: Nothing, unless you can keep a striga out of her crypt until he fucking rooster crows three times. [He downs a potion.]
            Lord Ostrit: You’re gonna have to fight her till dawn.

            [Aretuza, Giltine’s room, they’re preparing for the surgery]
            Yennefer: Leave my eyes. [exposing the scars at her wrists] These as well.
            Giltine: [nods] There is a cost to all creation. A sacrifice that is always made. [He glances down at her stomach.] To be reborn… you will bear no more. Do you understand? [Yennefer nods.] Good.

            [Back in the abandoned castle, the striga wakes from her crypt and her scream echoes through the halls. Geralt moves to leave the room.]
            Lord Ostrit: No. No. Come back here. Please. Please! You’d leave a man bound to die in such indignity?
            Geralt: You’re not a man. [He walks away and leaves Ostrit alone when the striga comes for him.]
            Lord Ostrit: [to the striga] Please forgive me. It was Foltest. I was his fault. I loved your mother. [She kills him, tearing out his intestines.]
            [The striga roams the castle until Geralt confronts her. He throws a silver chain to bind her, but the striga quickly burst free.]
            Geralt: Fuck. [gets tackled by the striga]

            [the following scenes quickly cut back and forth between Geralt and Yennefer.]
            [back in Giltine’s room, Yennefer screams as Giltine cuts out her uterus.]
            [In the castle, Geralt and the striga fight viciously until Geralt shatters the floor beneath their feet and both get knocked unconscious when they fall to the level below.]
            [Giltine takes the uterus and lays into a bowl above the fire to burn.]
            [Geralt wakes up first, checks on the striga and then sits down heavily with a sigh.]
            [Giltine grinds the burned and blackened uterus into a powder.]
            [Geralt pulls another potion from his belt only to find the vial empty and broken.]
            [Giltine pours the black powder into a bowl and mixes it into a paste.]
            [Geralt bars the exit with magic, leans against the doorway, head bowed in exhaustion.]
            [Giltine speaks an incantation in Elder as he paints lines of black paint over Yennefer’s skin.]
            [Geralt turns away from the doorway and searches the room for the striga. She attacks him from above and beats him up.]
            [Yennefer starts screaming as the lines on her skin start to glow like fiery cracks. The restrains binding her to the chair break and Giltine tries to hold her down in vain. The bones under her skin are cracking and reshaping themselves. She thrashes on the floor, rises to her knees and arches her back screaming in pain.]
            [After knocking him down the striga tries to escape through the doorway, but the magic barrier holds. Geralt dons a set of silver knuckles and punches the striga as she rushes back toward him. Lashing out she knocks him to the ground, but as the first rays of sunlight filter through a window, she runs panicked to Adda’s tomb. Geralt races her, leaps and tackles her aside, damaging his should armor in the process. He throws himself into the tomb and seals the lid magically before the striga gets him. She screams, trying desperately to get into the tomb as well.]

            [Abandoned castle, morning. The huddled form of a naked girl covered thickly in mud on the floor as Geralt rises from the tomb. Stepping towards the girl he pulls off the damaged shoulder guard.]
            [Aretuza, Yennefer lies on the ground covered in her own blood, her eyes flutter close.]
            [As Geralt crouches down and carefully touches the girl’s should, she suddenly attacks with claws and teeth. She wounds him badly at the neck before she backs away, clutching at a wound at her own neck. Geralt stares at her wide eyed, slides to the floor and falls unconscious.]
            [Yennefer enters the ballroom in Aretuza, straight back and skintight dark dress. All eyes fall on her as she approaches King Virfuril.]
            Yennefer: Yennefer of Vengerberg.
            Tissaia: [to king Virfuril] My apologies, Your Excellence. [Virfuril kisses Yennefer’s hand.] Please allow me to remove this misguided girl.
            King Virfuril: Now, what sort of a king refuses a dance with one of his subjects? [to Yennefer] Vengerberg? Are you aware that I’m in the market for just such a mage?
            Yennefer: On your lead, Your Excellence. [They smile at each other and start dancing.]

            [Temeria, Triss’ laboratory. Triss nurses an unconscious Geralt back to health.]
            Triss: Geralt… Geralt.
            Geralt: Renfri.
            Renfri: [Geralt hallucinates hearing her voice.] The girl in the woods will be with you always. People call you a monster too.
            Geralt: Renfri.
            Renfri: [her echoing voice fading out] You choose…
            [Geralt wakes up startled and groaning in pain.]
            Triss: Your scars. You heal quite nicely. Your will to live is strong.
            Geralt: The princess?
            Triss: I’ve arranged for her to stay a while with the Sisters of Melitele.
            Geralt: But… I… Her neck?
            Triss: She’ll heal, too. [Geralt leans back in relieve.] You should know Folstest issued a statement. The honorable Lord Ostrit gave his life to slay the vukodlak. Miners are gathering ore for a statue. Anyone else would’ve killed the princess. You chose not to.
            Geralt: [gets up slowly] I’ll take my coin now. I need to get back to my horse.
            Triss: Who’s Renfir? [Geralt freezes and looks up at her.] Hers was the only name you uttered over and over I your sleep.
            Geralt: [lowers his head] My coin.
            Triss: So that’s all life is to you? Monsters and money?
            Geralt: It’s all it needs to be.
            Triss: [sits down next to him] You say this is all life is to you, but there is a vortex of fate around all of us, Geralt, growing with each and every one of our choices… drawing our destinies in closer. [She hands him a pouch of coin and Renfri’s broach.] I feel something out there waits for you. Something more.

            [Ciri wakes up on the ground in a snow-covered forest. She stands up and strides through the trees, following an echo of voices out of the trees and onto an empty field. Dara wakes up shortly after.]
            Dara: Ciri. [He runs after her.]
            voices: [echoing] Ciri.
            Dara: Ciri! Ciri! Ciri! Ciri! Ciri! [A bolt flies out of nowhere and barely misses him. Now he notices the corpses littering the ground, some with bolts sticking out of them. He continues running towards Ciri.] Ciri! Ciri! Ciri! [A bolt hits him in the shoulder and he falls.]
            voices: [echoing] Ciri. Ciri. Ciri. [Ciri steps into the dark trees.]

                [Ciri walks through a snow covered forest, following a call.]
                voices: [echoing from nowhere] Ciri. Ciri…
                Ciri: [She enters a warm, humid forest. A sound makes her snap out of her trance.] Dara? [suddenly surrounded by dryads pointing spears at her] Please… don’t hurt me.
                Dryad General: [speaking Elder] Keep your aim true.
                Ciri: I’m lost. I don’t know how I got here. [The dryad steps closer.] Please.
                Dryad General: [speaking Elder] If she runs, kill her.
                Ciri: [follows the leader and grabs her arm] Where are you taking me? I need to find Dara. Please!
                Eithne: [Another group of dryads appears.] What is your name?
                Ciri: Fiona. Where am I? How did I get-
                Eithne: You are in Brokilon Forest. Follow me.

                [a tavern in Cintra, a man covered in blood surrounded by a crowd]]
                Councilman: I tell you no lie, I swallowed the whole village, it did. Not a bone to be found! Of, don’t give me that look, shitling. That’s why we had to call him… The White Wolf! And he stood in the middle of that frozen lake like he knew it was coming for him. The ice cracked open and a selkiemore shot out! Oh, you’ve never seen one, but it’d take down a ship with its cavernous mouth full of devil’s teeth! And it… swallowed… that witcher… whole!
                Jaskier: [taking notes] Oh, this is brilliant! [all turn to him] Oh, sorry. It’s just Geralt’s usually so stingy with the details. Uh… and then what happened?
                Councilman: He died. [The crowd gasps.]
                Jaskier: Eh… He’s fine.
                Councilman: Look, I was there. I saw it with my own- [The door bursts open as Geralt marches in covered in dark slime.]
                Jaskier: See? [The crowd gasps, Jaskier laughs.]
                Councilman: Oh… What’s that stench?
                Geralt: Selkiemore guts. Had to get it from the inside. I’ll take what I’m owed.
                Jaskier: [stands up, starts singing] Toss a coin to your witcher / O, Valley of Plenty o-oh-oh
                all humans: [singing] Toss a coin to your witcher / A friend of humanity
                Jaskier: [moving to put a hand on Geralt’s shoulder but thinking better of it noticing the grime] Yikes. [the song ends, the crowd cheers] Thank you. [He follows Geralt to the bar where Geralt orders a beer.] You’re welcome. And now, Witcher, it’s time to repay your dept. [Geralt takes a sip of his beer, but spits it out immediately and gives the bartender an appalled look.] “What debt?” you’re probably asking yourself in your head right now. Well, I’ll tell you. I’ve made you famous, Witcher. By rights, I should be claiming ten percent of all your coin, but instead, what I’m asking for is a teeny, teeny-weeny little favor.
                Geralt: [counting his coin] Fuck off, bard.
                Jaskier: For one measly night of service you will gain a cornucopia of earthly delights. The greatest masters of the culinary arts crafting morsels worthy of the gods. Maidens that would make the sun itself blush with a single comely smile. And rivers of the sweetest of drinks from the rarest of- [Geralt walks away.] Fuck! [Jaskier calls out after him.] Food, women and wine, Geralt. [Geralt stops.]

                [Geralt sits in a bath tub, Jaskier pours water over his head causing Geralt to grunt.]
                Jaskier: Now, now, stop your boorish grunts of protest. It is one night bodyguarding your very best friend in the whole wide world. How hard could it be?
                Geralt: I’m not your friend.
                Jaskier: Oh. Oh, really? Oh, you usually just let strangers rub chamomile onto your lovely bottom? [Geralt glares at him.] Yeah, well, yeah, exactly. That’s what I thought. Every lord, knight and twopenny king worth his salt will be at this betrothal. The Lioness of Cintra herself will sing the praises of Jaskier’s triumphant performance!
                Geralt: How many of these lords want to kill you?
                Jaskier: Hard to say. One stops keeping count after a while. Wives, concubines, mothers sometimes. [Geralt scowls.] Ooh, yeah, that face! Ohh! Scary face! No lord in his right mind will come close if you’re standing next to me with a puss like that. [Geralt grabs his beer from beside the tub, but Jaskier takes it away.] Ohh, on second thoughts… might wanna lay off the Cintran ale. [Geralt groans.] A clear head would be best.
                Geralt: I will not suffer tonight sober just because you hid your sausage in the wrong royal pantry. I’m not killing anyone. Not over the petty squabbles of men.
                Jaskier: Yes, yes, yes. You never get involved. Except you actually do, all of the time. [Geralt fixes him with a frown.] Uhg. Is this what happens when you get old? You get unbearably crochety and cantankerous? Actually, I’ve always wanted to know, do witchers ever retire?
                Geralt: Yeah. When they slow and get killed.
                Jaskier: Come on, you must want something for yourself once all this… monster hunting nonsense is over with.
                Geralt: I want nothing.
                Jaskier: Well, who knows? Maybe someone out there will want you.
                Geralt: I need no one. And the last thing I want is someone needing me.
                Jaskier: And yet… here we are.
                Geralt: Hm. [glancing around] Where the fuck are my clothes, Jaskier?
                Jaskier: Ah. Well, uh, they were sort of covered in selkiemore guts, so I sent them away to be washed. Anyway you’re not going tonight as a witcher.

                [great hall inside the Cintran castle, a wedding feast]
                Jaskier: Right, so stick close to me, look mean and pretend you’re a mute. Can’t have anyone finding out who you actually are.
                Mousesack: [calling loudly through the whole room] Geralt of Rivia, the mighty Witcher!
                Jaskier: Oh, shit.
                Mousesack: [approaches] I haven’t seen you since the plague.
                Geralt: Good times, Mousesack.
                Mousesack: I’ve missed your sour complexion. I feared this would be a dull affair, but now the White Wolf is here, perhaps all is not lost. [eying Geralt’s plain clothes] Why are you dressed like a sad silk trader? [Geralt frowns at Jaskier.]
                Jaksier: What?
                Mousesack: [to Geralt] Walk with me.
                man: To Mousesack!
                all: [cheering] Yeah!
                Crach An Craite: To Mousesack! [Mousesack laughs heartily.]
                herald: Prince Windhalm of Attre!
                Mousesack: I’ve been advising the Skelligen crown for years. A tad rough around the edges, but they’re of the earth. Like me.
                herald: Castellan Haxo.
                Geralt: Old and crusty. [looking around] How long before this horse trading is done? I find royalty best taken in… small doses.
                Mousesack: I wouldn’t count on leaving before dawn. These suitors will vie all night for Princess Pavetta’s hand. Marrying into this monarchy is a mighty prize. Who wouldn’t want to be king of the most powerful force in the land?
                Geralt: Hm. So, which one of these little shits is your coin on?
                Mousesack: Come with me, there’s much for you to see. It’s not a fair bet. [looking at Crach An Craite drinking and laughing] That red-headed scanderlout over there, Crach An Craite, will marry Pavetta. The Lioness has already arranged it with the boy’s uncle, Eist Tuirseach. [looking at Eist doing tricks with his dagger in front of a small group] No one would dare make a move on an alliance that powerful.
                Geralt: Handy with a blade. And with women, too.
                Mousesack: All an act. Queen Calanthe refused his proposal three times after King Roegner died, despite the two of them gliding around each other like courting swans. No, no, no. She was not for living in her husband’s shadow again. [Geralt notices Jaskier being grabbed by the arm by a seething lord. He scoffs and walks over to them.]
                seething lord: [to Jaskier] Something about you reminds me of a scoundrel I once saw fleeing my wife’s chambers!
                Jaskier: [retreats until his back hits a wall] Um, well…
                seething lord: Drop your trousers.
                Jaskier: What?
                seething lord: I didn’t get a proper look at the little shit’s face, but that pimply arse I’d remember anywhere.
                Jaskier: Well… uh, uh… Ah, Geralt. [chuckles nervously]
                Geralt: [putting ha hand on the lord’s shoulder] Forgive me, my lord. This… happens all the time. It’s true, he has the face of a cad and a coward.
                seething lord: [nods in agreement] Mm.
                Geralt: But, truth be known… he was kicked in the balls by an ox as a child.
                Jaskier: Well, that’s…tr- true.
                seething lord: Apologies. [He pulls out a coin and tosses it to Jaskier.] Here, drown your… sorrows on me, eunuch. [leaves]
                Jaskier: [to Geralt] Oh, wow. Thank you. Thank you so much. First of all, you hog all the fanfare, then you go and ruin my courtly reputation.
                Geralt: I saved your life. You’re on your own from here on. Try not to get any daggers in your back before dawn.
                herald: [fanfars blowing] All rise for Her Majesty, the Lioness, Queen Calanthe of Cintra!
                Calanthe: [clad in armor covered in blood, tossing her helmet to a guard behind her and grabbing a mug of beer instead] Beer! [loud cheering] Apologies, noble sirs. A few upstart townships in the south needed reminding who was Queen. [cheering and laughter] I find it’s good for one’s blood and humors. [jeering] Ready your suit’s tales of glory, good lords. My daughter is eager to have this over with. As am I. Bard, music!
                Jaskier: [singing] She
                Calanthe: No, no, no! A jig! You can save your bloody maudlin nonsense for my funeral.
                Jaskier: [to the other musicians] Three, four… [They start playing.]
                Calanthe: [approaches Pavetta over at the table] It will be done soon. [Pavetta’s eyes are filled with tears.] You think I wanted to marry your father? I’ll have none of your waterworks here. You’re the daughter of the Lioness, behave like it!
                Pavetta: Perhaps I should have some starving serfs brought in to slaughter, then. Or I could decapitate some elves and have their heads hung about as a lesson to those who would defy me.
                Calanthe: I will not have your hysteria turn this night upside down. [looking toward Crach An Craite] Besides, that boorish lout is the key to Cintra holding power after I taste clay. He’s from good stock. You could do worse.
                Pavetta: I could do better!
                Calanthe: You can have who you want when you’re married. You have your mother’s blood. You’ll be fine.

                [Brokilon Forest]
                Eithne: Where were you headed, Fiona, to end up so lost?
                Ciri: I was running… from the war.
                Eithne: You… really don’t remember how you came to be in Brokilon Forest? [Ciri shakes her head.] Yet you heard it call to you. There were many forests like it… before the Conjunction of the Spheres. We adapted, fought off the mutants and men who sought our end. Now only we remain. Dryads.
                Ciri: [hearing Dara yelling and groaning] Dara! [She runs over to where he’s lying on the ground with a bold sticking out of his shoulder.] I’m so glad you’re alive! [to a dryad next to him] is he going to be alright?
                dryad: [giving Dara a stick] Bite down on this. [He bites down and the dryad pulls the bolt out of his shoulder, then pours a white liquid over the wound.]
                Eithne: The waters of Brokilon are potent. All newcomers to the forest must drink the waters. If they bear ill intent towards Brokilon, they die. If they’re pure in heart, they survive and may stay here. And over time, the waters of Brokilon will lessen the suffering they have endured and make them forget. I think you’d like that. Am I right… Fiona? Because you’re scared of more than just war, aren’t you? You’ll both drink the waters, and all will be revealed.

                [back in the Cintran Castle]
                Crach An Creite: [slamming a tankard on the table] You lie, you little shite! You never faced so much as a bad meal in your life, never mind a manticore.
                Lord Tinglant: I’ve had manticores thrice as fat and ugly as you perish under my steel!
                Crach An Creite: Under your bullshit, more like. How many stings has it got, then?
                Lord Tinglant: Two.
                Crach An Creite: Hah! Go away and shite! It’s five. I know.
                noble: [whispering to Calanthe, both looking at Geralt] Your Majesty, that’s Geralt of Rivia.
                Crach An Creite: I’ve actually killed one.
                Lord Tinglant: You- [The men tussle.]
                Calanthe: Enough! We have a renowned guest here tonight. [The other guests look towards Geralt.] Perhaps he can declare which esteemed lord is telling the truth.
                Geralt: Neither.
                Crach An Creite: Are you calling me a liar, old man?
                Lord Tinglant: Aah. The Butcher of Blaviken bleats utter nonsense. [laughter]
                Geralt: [looks towards Jaskier who shakes his head] Perhaps the lords encountered… rare subspecies of manticore.
                Lord Tinglant: Aye.
                Calanthe: [laughs] Perhaps our esteemed guest would like to entertain us with how he slayed the elves at the edge of the world? [laughter and cheering]
                Geralt: There was no slaying. I had my arse kicked by a ragged band of elves. [disappointed groaning] I was about to have my throat cut when Filavandrel let me go.
                Lord Tinglant: But the song.
                Jaskier: Yeah, the song.
                Geralt: At least when Filavandrel’s blade kissed my throat, I didn’t shit myself. Which is all I can hope for you, good lords. At your final breath, a shitless death. [He toasts the lords.]
                man: Not going to shit meself…
                Geralt: But I doubt it.
                Eist: [to Calanthe] It would have been your blade at Filavandrel’s throat had you been there, Your Majesty. [loud cheer] Not that any elven bastards would crawl from their lair to meet you on the field.
                Calanthe: Any man willing to paint himself in the shadow of his failures will make for fare more interesting conversation this night. Come, Witcher. Take a seat by my side while I change.
                Geralt: Hm.

                [Brokilon Forest, Ciri and Dara sit together]
                Dara: Why did she call you Fiona?
                Ciri: Mousesack, he… helped raise me and… he warned me not the let anyone know who I was outside the castle. And now, the Black Knight is after me.
                Dara: Castle?
                Ciri: I’m Princess Cirilla of Cintra. [Dara gets to his feet and backs away.] What’s the matter?
                Dara: Your grandmother slaughtered my family!
                Ciri: No, that’s not true.
                Dara: She ordered it. After Filavandrel’s uprising-
                Ciri: She wouldn’t do that.
                Dara: Her soldiers… they laughed then they did it. Killing, raping… They laughed the hardest when they were swinging babies from their legs, smashing their heads in. I was the only one left. Because I hid. I should’ve saved them. Or fought and died.
                Ciri: Uh… I don’t know what to say.
                Dara: Say nothing. They’re gone now. I would do anything to forget who I was.
                Ciri: I can’t. I have to find my destiny.
                Dara: Why? Because your grandmother said you should? Maybe you should start thinking for yourself. Because she is dead. And you are here.

                [Cintran castle, Calanthe sits at the table in a royal dress, Geralt and Pavetta next to her]
                Calanthe: [holding her stomach] Damn this cursed thing. I’d as soon see this night out in armor.
                Geralt: As would I.
                Calanthe: Indeed. Tell me how does a witcher find himself at my daughter’s wedding feast dressed like a…? [laughs]
                Geralt: I’m protecting the bard from vengeful royal cuckolds.
                Calanthe: Hm! Idiots, the lot of them. Still, I’m glad of your company, which could prove handy. I have no doubt blood will spill here tonight.
                Geralt: Ah, save the good Queen’s breath. I’m not for hire as a bodyguard.
                Calanthe: You were hired just so by the bard.
                Geralt: I’m helping the idiot free of his coin.
                Calanthe: And he’s the idiot? I’m simply saying, surely if all goes to hell here tonight, I can count on you to strategically remove certain irritants that may present themselves? [Pavetta gives her a sidelong glance.] I’d do so myself, only I’m bound to uphold an artifice of decorum and… fairness.
                Geralt: Hey. I can’t help you.
                Calanthe: So perilously direct. As Queen, I could command it.
                Geralt: If I were one of you subjects.
                Calanthe: I could torture you so very slowly into compliance.
                Geralt: Her Majesty will do as she wishes. I’m not for turning.
                Calanthe: Oh, come now. Everyone has their price.
                herald: Lord Peregrine of Nilfgaard.
                man: Good chance, Peregrine, ahh!
                man 2: Go on, Lord Peregrine!
                [Lord Peregrine approaches the table. As he opens his mouth to speak one lord blows a bagpipe to everyone’s amusement. Peregrine frowns and tries again, but again is interrupted by the sound.]
                Calanthe: Make another sound, Draig Bon-Dhu, and I’ll have your guts sewn into pips and sent to your mother.
                Lord Peregrine: Queen Calanthe, my marriage to your daughter will unite the jewels of the north and south, forging an unbreakable alliance that none would dare cross. And I’m one of five brothers with no sisters. My potent seed inside Pavetta will produce the strongest of male heirs.
                Calanthe: Cintra is indeed the jewel of the north, yet Nilfgaard is the shit rag of the south, and that’s saying something! [laughter and jeering] Tell me, is it true you drink piss water and feast on your own young? [laughter and applause] Nildfgaardian kings don’t remain kings for long. Who will take the Usurper’s crown? You? How long will you last? A year? A month? A day? [Peregrine storms away.]
                herald: Lord Steergart of Kaedwen.

                [On a road in a snowy forest in Lydia. Yennefer and eight Lyrian guards escort queen Kalis and her baby in a carriage.]
                Queen Kalis: I know what they say, “Poor Queen Klais, another girl.” I mean, I’m just a womb to him. No more than a fleshy contraption for squeezing out heirs. Bastard cares more about his hounds than he does about me. [holds out her baby to Yennefer] Take her. Shh. Why don’t you stay in Lyria? Keep me company.
                Yennefer: As soon as I’ve delivered Your Majesty safely back to court, I’m afraid I must return to Aedirn.
                Queen Kalis: I envy you. Truly. A king’s mage. How splendid! [The baby cries.] Oh. [She takes the baby back from Yennefer.] Oh, come, now. We’ve been travelling together for days. Speak freely.
                Yennefer: I love… that I traded everything to get my seat at court. I love that I believed that it would all be worth it, that this would be my legacy. The greatest mage to have ever graced a court. And I really, really love… that instead, I’ve gotten to spend the last… three decades cleaning up stupid political messes. Glorified royal arse wiper.
                Queen Kalis: I have it far worse. People look at you for who you are, not for that you can give them. You made the right choice, giving all that nonsense up. To this baby, I am the whole world. If only it weren’t so boring.
                [The carriage is attacked by a rouge mage and his Krallach. As Queen Kalis with her baby and Yennefer step out of the carriage the ground is covered in the chopped up corpses of soldiers and horses, only one guard is left alive.]
                Yennefer: Run! [Yennefer summons a portal.] Go! Run! [The four of them escape narrowly into a desert.]
                Queen Kalis: I’ll have that brigand’s head on a pike outside the King’s castle before nightfall. How dare he?
                Yennefer: That was an assassin, not a brigand.
                Queen Kalis: What are you saying?
                Yennefer: He was paid to kill you.
                Queen Kalis: What? Why?
                Yennefer: It appears you’ve run out of chances to provide your King a male heir.
                Queen Kalis: No, he wouldn’t. Oh, that prick!
                Yennefer: [noticing the mage portalling after them] Go! [They run to the next portal Yennefer creates.] Go! [While the guard isn’t fast enough and gets killed by the Krallach, Yennefer and Queen Kalis land in the streets of rainy city.] We’re being tracked! [Yennefer rips off Kalis’ necklace.] Think! What did the King give you that could be traced? [The assassin portals after them again.] Come on! [As the Krallach comes closer she speaks an incantation in Elder and it almost freezes. With her other hand she opens a portal.] I can’t hold it. Hurry! [The three land on a stony mountain peak, both women on their knees.] They’re still tracking us.
                Queen Kalis: [She gets rid of other jewelry.] Get you, you useless witch. How could you not foresee this? You were supposed to protect me. [The assassin appears in front of them and Kalis starts screaming. Yennefer gets up and portals herself away.] Oh, you horrible, useless bitch!

                [great hall of the Cintran Caste]
                Jaskier: [singing] Oh, fishmonger, oh fishmonger / Come quell your daughter’s hunger / To pull on my horn / As it rises in the morn / For ‘tis naught but bad luck / To fuck with a puck / Lets your grandkid be born / A hairy young faun / Bleating and braying all day, hey ho / The fishmonger’s daughter, ba ,ba
                Calanthe: How much more of this peacocking must I endure? This… All this because male tradition demands it. If I were a man, I could simply tell the whole lot of them to fuck off, declare outright who Pavetta should marry and have done with it. Or, better yet, let the poor girl decide her own fate.
                Geralt: Something tells me this isn’t the fist time you’ve navigated the vagaries of male tradition. In fact, I’d wager you thrive on it.
                Calanthe: Spoken as one who has navigated his own share of fools.
                Geralt: Hm.
                Calanthe: Tell me, Witcher, why are there so few of you left?
                Geralt: [lowers his eyes] Hm. [sighs] It is no longer possible to create more of us, since the sacking of Kear Morhen. Tell me, Your Majesty… why do you risk your life on the battlefield when you can rest on your throne?
                Calanthe: Because there is a simplicity in killing monster, is there not? Seems we are quite the pair, Geralt of Rivia.
                Geralt: Hmm.
                Eist: Crach! It’s time. Get your hairy ass up here.
                [Urcheon in full armor and helmet bursts through the door and assaults the two guards. He approaches the center of the room.]
                Urcheon: Forgive my late intrusion, Your Majesty, and for the misunderstanding with your guards. Please! I come in peace. I need but one moment of your time. I am Lord Urcheon of Erlenwald and I have come to claim your daughter’s hand in marriage.
                Calanthe: A knight… of no renown… from a backwater hamlet… who dares to enter my court without revealing his face?
                Urcheon: I apologize, Your Majesty. A knight’s oath prevents me from revealing my face until the sounding of the twelfth bell.
                Eist: Bollocks to that. [He steps forwards and pulls off Lord Urcheon’s helmet revealing a head half human half hedgehog.]
                Calanthe: Witcher, kill it.
                Geralt: No.
                Calanthe: Whatever the price.
                Geralt: This is no monster.
                Calanthe: I order you.
                Geralt: This knight has been cursed.
                Calanthe: You’re as useless as the rest of them. [to her gurards] Slay this beast!
                Urcheon: [disarms the two guards] Lioness of Cintra, I come to claim what is rightfully mine! Pavetta. By the Law of Surprise. [More guards attack him and manage to throw him to the ground. One of them lifts his halberd in order to kill him.]
                Pavetta: No!
                [Geralt steps in and cuts the halberd in two, saving Urcheon.]
                Calanthe: Kill them both!
                [chaos breaks out as Geralt cuts down further guards and the guests join the fight against him and Urcheon. Eist, however, aligns with the two.]
                Eist: The Law or Surprise has been called. You kill them… kill me.
                [ Calanthe steps from behind the high table and grabs a guard’s sword.]
                guard: My Queen…
                [She kicks him to the floor and marches on Eist. As he is attacked from behind she cuts down his attacker.]
                Calanthe: [to Geralt] Stop! [louder] Stop! [Geralt lowers his sword.]

                [back to the desolate mountain]
                Queen Kalis: Please. I can give him a boy. Take her instead. As a sacrifice.
                [The assassin kills her with a knife and nods to the Krallach. The creature advances at the baby but before it can strike its head is suddenly cut off. Yennefer places a barrier between herself and the mage. She snatches up the baby and runs for the portal. The mage throws a second knife that hits Yennefer in the shoulder and kills the baby.]
                Yennefer. [Kneeling in the black sand of beach she stares down at the dead baby. Speaking Elder: “Fight, little treasure. Come back, child.”[2]]

                [great hall, Cintran Castle]
                Pavetta: Duny. [She rushes to Urcheon and hugs him.] I told you to stay away.
                Urcheon: [kneeling] Your Majesty… the witcher speaks the truth. I was cursed as a young boy. My while life a living misery until the day that I saved your husband, King Roegner, from certain death. By tradition, I chose the law of Surprise as payment. Whatever windfall he came home to find… would be mine.
                Calanthe: Oh, the stupid bastard. Better you had let him die!
                Geralt: You knew he’d come, and you pushed me to kill him.
                Calanthe: [to Pavetta] And you… carousing with the beast that swindled your stupid father!
                Eist: ‘Tis no swindle. Asking for payment with the Law of Surprise is as old as mankind itself.
                Calanthe: Don’t lecture me, Eist.
                Eist: It’s an honest gamble. As likely to be rewarded with a bumper crop as a newborn pup. Or… a child of surprise. He could not know. Destiny has determined the surprise be Pavetta.
                Urcheon: When I head that King Roegner had returned to find a child on the way… I abandoned all thought of claiming the Law of Surprise. I knew…. I knew no woman would ever accept me like this. And so I waited. I waited until the twelfth bell when the curse breaks. I never intended to meet her. Just to watch from afar.
                Pavetta: Until destiny intervened… and our hearts collided.
                Urcheon: And at dawn, I awoke with her in my arms and me… like this.
                Eist: [to Calanthe] Who are we to challenge destiny? Life was saved, debt must be paid, or the whole order of the world falls apart.
                Mousesack: Honor destiny’s wish, or unleash its wrath upon us.
                Calanthe: There is no us. I bow to no law made by men who never bore a child! Is there not a man amongst you who does not cower before destiny? You, Witcher… who has known monsters of every fang and claw… are you afraid too?
                Geralt: No. I’ve seen mothers lash themselves raw over the death of a child, believing they crossed destiny, ignoring the stench of the 50 other children in the plague cart outside. Destiny… helps people believe there’s an order to this horseshit. There isn’t. But a promise made must be honoured. As true for a commoner… as it is for a queen.
                Pavetta: I love Duny, Mother. I will marry him. I will finally be free.
                Calanthe: [After she’s given her sword to Eist and the guards have lowered their weapons, he offers Urcheon a hand an leans in close.] Here is your destiny. [She pulls a dagger and thrusts towards his throat.]
                Pavetta: NO! [Her magic sends everyone but herself and Urcheon flying. Glass breaks and furniture tumbles.]
                Eist: My Queen, are you hurt?
                [Pavetta starts chanting something in Elder and the two of them rise into the air surrounded by a swirling wind. With combined power Mousesack and Geralt put an end to it.]
                Eist: Do you believe in destiny now?
                Calanthe: [gets to her feet and hugs Pavetta] I thought your grandmother’s gift had skipped you… as it did me. It seems I was wrong. About so many things. [loudly] Destiny has spoken! And I have listened. The Law of Surprise will be honored. Pavetta will marry… Lord Urcheon.
                Eist: React poorly and you won’t just face the Lioness, you will be facing the sea hounds of Skellige. Because Queen Calanthe has… agreed to my proposal of marriage.
                Calanthe: There will be two vows here tonight! I assume that’s agreeable. [The guests nod.] Delightful.

                [Ciri’s vision, explosions and screams, Cintran soldiers slaughter people, Cahir draws his sword]
                Pavetta: [Her scream as Calanthe almost kills Urcheon.] NO!
                Ciri: [She wakes up breathing heavily in the Brokilon forest.] Dara? [stands up] Dara?
                Dara: I drank the waters. It’s gonna be okay.
                Ciri: What’s going to be okay?
                Dara: Everything.
                Eithne: [approaching her with a gourd] Leave your past behind. Join us. Drink and forget.
                Ciri: [takes the gourd and drinks] Why isn’t it working?
                Eithne: Come. Shan-Kayan calls to you.

                [on the black beach, Yennefer sits next to the corpse, eying a bird circling them in the sky]
                Yennefer: Which one of us are you here for? [to the baby] I’m sorry you didn’t have a life. But if truth be told you’re not missing much. I know it’s easy for me to say with warm breath in my lungs, and you with nothing. Still… what would you have had? Parents? Well, they’re the ones who wrote your last act, so not much lost there. Friends? Most likely fair weather. Lovers? Fun for a bit, I’ll admit, but all eventually disappoint. And let’s face it, you’re a girl. Your mother was right about one thing. We’re just vessels. And even when we’re told we’re special, as I was, as you would have been, we’re still just vessels… for them to take… and take… until we’re empty… and alone. [sighs] So, count yourself lucky. You’ve cheated the game and won without even knowing it. Sleep well. [She buries the child in the sand.]

                [in the Cintran Castle, Pavetta and Urcheon kneeling for the wedding ceremony]
                Calanthe: Pavetta. Duny. With my blessing… I thee bind. [She wraps a blue scarf around their entwined hands.]
                [Pavetta and Urcheon kiss whereupon Urcheon starts groaning and falls to the ground, changing back into human form. Overjoyed the newlyweds kiss each other.]
                Pavetta: The twelfth bell has not yet rung.
                Calanthe: What has happened?
                Mousesack: I think your blessing of this marriage… has fulfilled a destiny. The curse has been lifted.
                Jaskier: Whew! I think this has the makings of my greatest ballad yet.
                Geralt: If you’re alive in the morning. Don’t… grope for trout in any peculiar rivers until dawn. [He moves to leave.]
                Urcheon: No, Wait! Wait. You saved my life. I must repay you.
                Geralt: You’re proven yourself to be the kind of man who would do the same. [shrugs] I want nothing.
                Urcheon: No, please. Please, Geralt of Rivia, do not feel like you’re doing me a service. I cannot start a new life in the shadow of a life dept.
                Geralt: Fine. I… claim the tradition as you have, the Law of Surprise. Give me that which you already have but do not know.
                Calanthe: No! What have you done, Witcher?
                Geralt: Fear not, Your Majesty, if I’m seen in your kingdom again, it’ll be to kill a real monster, not lay claim to a crop or a new pup. Destiny can go fu- [Pavetta vomits and holds her stomach.]
                Carlanthe: Pavetta? Are you…? Oh…
                Geralt: Fuck. [collects his sword and walks off]
                Mousesack: [follows Geralt] Clearly the girl has access to immense primal power.
                Geralt: Yeah, and with no idea how to control it.
                Mousesack: I’m gonna stay. Guide her.
                Geralt. [sighs and nods] You’re a good man, Mousesack.
                Mousesack: You should stay too.
                Geralt: This has been enough partying for me. I’m getting out of here. Alone.
                Mousesack: You’re bound to this now, Geralt. Whether you like it or not.
                Geralt: I’m not for changing. You know me better than that.
                Mousesack: Yes, I do, but you can’t outrun destiny just because you’re terrified of it. It’s coming Geralt. Not believing won’t change that.
                Geralt: Bullshit. This was just a girl using her magic to stop her mother from gutting her lover. Nothing more.
                Mousesack: So you say. But the bon that will come into being between you and this child… when it is borne, will be extraordinary. If you dismiss it, leave without claiming this… child surprise, you will surely unleash true calamity upon us all.
                Geralt: I’ll take that chance. Mind yourself. True words are rare birds in courts like this. Watch for daggers in your back. Or, more likely, poison. Be careful, old friend.

                [Cintra in flames, Ciri’s timeline. A Nilfgaardian mage finds Queen Calanthe’s corpse admits the rubble.]
                mage: Queen Calanthe. [to Fringilla] Mistress, I’ve found her! [He cuts out a piece of her skin and eats it.]
                [Fringilla guts him and holds a hand over his entrails lying on the ground.]
                Cahir: Is it working?
                Fringilla: Calanthe’s progeny is in Brokilon Forest.
                Field Marshall: We can spare ten thousand men to take it, sir. Maybe 12.
                Cahir: Shut up! Armies are not the way into Brokilon Forest. Damn it.
                [They ride away, Mousesack at the end of the trail, chained to a horse. He snatches a blue scarf from Calanthe.]
                soldier: Come on, get moving!

                [Brokilon Forest, Eithne cuts into the bark of a large tree and a viscous liquid flows from the gash.]
                Eithne: You must drink from the source.
                [Ciri drinks the liquid and gets a vision where she’s in a desert by night, a glowing tree nearby.]
                voice: What are you, child?

                    [In an attic, two ravens sit in the wooden beams. Glasses containing different fragments of humanoid flesh stand on shelves. A doppler in the form of an Adonis jars a chin, then moves over to a mirror and undresses to look at their male body narcissistically. Cahir enters the room.]
                    Doppler: Love surprises. Love visitors. A surprise visitor all the more.
                    Cahir: I've had eyes on you for a while.
                    Doppler: We're very flattered. But who is this secret peeper peeping all our secrets?
                    Cahir: I know who you are. [He holds up a silver coin and the doppler recoils.] What you are. You're different to other dopplers. You're not good-natured or helpful, are you?
                    Doppler: And yet you are here for our help. Do you not have errand boys where you come from?
                    Cahir: They lacked your valuable set of skills. [holding out a money pouch] Don't worry. It's not silver. [He tosses it onto the table.]
                    Doppler: We fancy our freedom. It is not money we thirst for, per se.
                    Cahir: There is plenty that you do thirst for. Assassination on behalf of the Kingdom of Nilfgaard. Or perhaps another eye or ear to round out your artful composition.
                    Doppler: [turns to look into the mirror] We'd planned on wearing this one for a while. But we are flexible.

                    [A forest by night, a convoy with Fringilla riding at its head. They stop in a small town and drag a chained Mousesack out of the carriage who crumbles to his knees and vomits white liquid.]
                    Fringilla: A cell of dimeritium made just for you. How does it feel to be neutered of your powers?
                    Mousesack. I know how you were schooled, how you were shaped. This isn’t who you are.
                    Fringilla: The White Flame made me who I am… gave me a higher purpose. You could have had that too, if only you realized that Cintra had to fall.
                    Cahir: [leads the doppler toward them] I have found his purpose.
                    Doppler: This one? Do we have to?
                    Cahir: [unshackles Mousesack] Run. [Mousesack struggles to strand.] I said, run!
                    Doppler: [Mousesack tries to get away but the doppler easily catches him. The doppler straddles Mousesack, its eyes turn white and the doppler changes their form into Mousesack’s.] Everything you’ve ever done, ever debated, ever dreamed is in our head now. Even this morning, when you thought to take your life.
                    Cahir: He didn’t want to be abused.
                    Doppler: Incorrect. He didn’t want to be used.
                    Mousesack: You can’t change the world this way.
                    Cahir: Only one of us will be alive to find out. [nods to the doppler who then drives a dagger into Mousesack’s chest]
                    Mousesack: You don’t know what you’re doing. You don’t know what she is.
                    Cahir: She will end up where she belongs. [Mousesack dies.]
                    Doppler: [taking the blue scarf from his corpse] Would’ve made a terrible noose.
                    Cahir: You’re to bring me the girl alive.
                    Doppler: So many rules. Fine. But it’ll cost you. Children are our favorite.

                    [Somewhere in Redania, Hemet’s house. Hemet counts the coin Yennefer has offered.]
                    Hemet: You’re a wee bit shy.
                    Yennefer: I’ve never been shy a day in my life. Count it again.
                    Hemet: Times are shifting, my dear. My rates have gone up since last we spoke. I’ve found more demand for my services.
                    Yennefer: Then your customers will be awfully disappointed when they find a charred spot where you once stood.
                    Hemet: None more so than yourself. You’ve come so far already. Just a few more… treatments should do the trick. Isn’t it lovely… the life we’ve chosen? Not being bound by the rules of the Brotherhood.
                    Yennefer: Living off the grid with no resources. Mm. It’s a dream come true.
                    Hemet: Lucky for you, you found your way to an intolerant kingdom. For quick coin, head to the nearest town in any direction. Your skills will be rewarded.
                    Yennefer: If it’s as you say, then why aren’t you out there taking advantage? As you’re so inclined.
                    Hemet: [chuckles] Because my customers… come to me.
                    Yennefer: Hm.
                    Hemet: I see a lot of myself in you. Follow my footsteps. You could gain some repute. Find a whole new career to fund what you… so desperately want. With mages like us, word of mouth is paramount.
                    Yennefer: There is no “us”. There’s only me. And I know a thing or two about stirring word of mouth.

                    [Another town in Redania, Rinde. A long line of customers is waiting in front of a door with the sign "CORRECTIVES QUITE EFFECTIVE - WHATEVER THE OBJECTIVE”. Inside, Yennefer sits across from a couple.]
                    Middle-aged woman: I’d given up altogether. Love, that’s nice, but not in the cards for me. Not in my lifetime. It took me nearly a whole one to find him.
                    Middle-aged man: As you can see, passion is not the trouble. Our issue… my… issue is of a mechanical nature.
                    Yennefer: Hm. I have just the thing. Now, be prepared. The spell should take effect quickly, and will endure until your lady utters a handpicked magic word. Anything come to mind?
                    Middle-aged woman: "Kumquat"?
                    Yennefer: You arrived at that rather quickly. "Kumquat" it is. [She casts the spell.]
                    Middle-aged man: We better go now, schnucki. [He pays Yennefer and makes to leave, when Beau Berrant and his giant bald guard enter the house.]
                    Beau Berrant: What is this… wretched business here?
                    Yennefer: Did you not understand the sign?
                    Beau Berrant: [He approaches Yennefer after his guard hands him a pair of shackles.] Are you familiar with who I am?
                    Yennefer: Well, won’t you end this rather melodramatic suspense and tell me?
                    Giant bald guard: He is Beau Berrant.
                    Bean Berrant: Perhaps you are not aware of the rules here? If you are casting spells, I need to collect what’s due to the kingdom.
                    Yennefer: I’m afraid those terms seem rather shite to me.
                    [Berrant holds up the pair of shackles.]
                    Yennefer: I did suspect you possessed such a predilection. Though I am less… [glances at the guard] burly than your usual type.
                    [Berrant steps closer and she offers her wrists to him.]

                    [Brokilon Forest, Ciri sits next to a group of dryads]
                    Dryad general: [speaking Elder] We can’t trust her. She hid her identity, her past, her ties to Cintra… Shan-Kayan is the only reason we know who she is.
                    Eithne: [speaking Elder] Ciri was scared. Perhaps she can’t yet trust us.
                    Dryad general: [speaking Elder] We still don’t know her intent.
                    Eithne: [speaking Elder] She’s a girl…
                    Dryad general: [speaking Elder] Who possesses the power of a weapon.
                    Eithne: [speaking Elder] In Brokilon, she can be molded. She can become one of us.
                    Dryad general: [speaking Elder] She’s not one of us.
                    Warrior dryad: [Approaches with two severed head in her hands.] [Speaking Elder] Nilfgaardian spies. Found them searching our border.
                    Eithne: [speaking Elder] Their whole army will arrive. It’s only a matter of time. What if this girl… is our only way… to survive?
                    [Everyone turns to look at Ciri.]
                    [Eithne continues in Common.] Ciri… will be allowed to stay. [Leaves]
                    Ciri: [to Eithne] I don’t think they like me.
                    Eithne: When Queen Calanthe closed the borders of Cintra, it was to protect her people. The General wants to protect us. We all make decisions. The sword of destiny has two edges.
                    Ciri: What does that mean?
                    Eithne: You must make the choice. You can stay. Or you can continue on your search. What do you want to do?

                    [A lake in the woods, near Rinde. Geralt tosses a fishing net into the lake as Jaskier approaches.]
                    Jaskier: [singing] ‘Cause you all know that this bard / Loved ladies from Nilfgaard / ‘Cause Nilfgaard can kiss my… [stops singing] Geralt! Hello. What’s it been, months? Years? What is time, anyway? I heard you were in town. Are you following me, you scamp? I mean, I’m flattered and everything, but you should really think about getting a hobby one of these days. [sipping from a flask] Ugh! Do you want some? [Geralt doesn’t react.] “How are you doing?” I hear you ask.
                    Geralt: I didn’t.
                    Jaskier: Well, the Countess de Stael, my muse and beauty of this world, has left me. Again. Rather coldly and unexpectedly, I might add. I fear I shall die a brokenhearted man. Or a hungry one, at the very least, unless somebody fancies sharing a fish with an old friend? [Geralt carries the net away. Jaskier follows.] Oh, are we not using “friend”? Yeah, sure. Let’s just give it another decade. Geralt, you’re fantastic at a great many things, but clearly, fishing is not one of them. Have you caught anything today? What are you fishing for, exactly? Is it cod? Carp? Pike? Bream? I’m just- I’m just listing fish that I know. Zander? Is that a fish?
                    Geralt: I’m not fishing. I can’t sleep.
                    Jaskier: Right. Good. Well, that- that makes sense. Insomuch, that it, sort of… doesn’t. What’s going on, Geralt? Talk to me.
                    Geralt: [sighs and looks up for the first time] A djinn.
                    Jaskier: A what?
                    Geralt: I’m looking for a djinn.
                    Jaskier: For a dj- For a djinn? A dj- Like a genie? [laughs] The floaty fellas with the… the bad tempers and the banned magics? That kind of genie?
                    Geralt: Yes. It’ll grant me wishes. [Jaskier laughs more.] It’s in this lake somewhere. And I can’t fucking sleep! [He glares at Jaskier, turns around and grunts as he looks for a new spot.]
                    Jaskier: I don’t mean to play priest’s ear or anything, but has it occurred to you that maybe we’re merely rubbing salve on a tumor? Not exactly addressing the root cause of the problem? Hm? I mean, maybe, just- just maybe, this whole sleeplessness-ness has got something to do with what the druid Mousesack said to you in Cintra? You know the Law of Surprise? Destiny? Being unable to escape the child that belongs to you, et cetera, et cetera?
                    Geralt: No! It’s not that.
                    Jaskier: Yeah, you’re probably right. But what if you’re not? [Geralt glares at him.] You know the Countess de Stael once said to me that destiny is just the embodiment of the soul’s desire to grow.
                    Geralt: Did you sing to her before she left?
                    Jaskier: I did, actually, and she… Why, what are you implying? [Geralt raises his eyebrows at Jaskier.] Oh… We are so having this conversation. Come on, Geralt. Tell me. Be honest. How’s my singing?
                    Geralt: It’s like ordering a pie and finding it has no filling.
                    Jaskier: [takes a step back, mouth and eyes wide] You need a nap! I mean, are you trying to hurt my feelings, Geralt? It’s… It’s down- downright indecorous of you, if I’m completely honest, and- [Geralt fishes a small clay pot out of the lake.] Wow. Wow. What is- What is that?
                    Geralt: [inspecting the stopper] It’s a wizard’s seal. The djinn.
                    Jaskier: Do you mind if I- [He grabs the pot.]
                    Geralt: Jaskier...
                    Jaskier: Take back that bit about my fillingless pie. Take it back and then you can have your djinny-djinn-djinn.
                    Geralt: Let go.
                    Jaskier: No! No, let go, you horse’s arse! [Geralt accidentally pulls out the stopper. Jaskier upends the pot, nothing happens.] Hm. That’s a bit of an anticlimax. [A sudden breeze ruffles their hair.] Or is it? Djinn, I have freed thee, and as of this day, I am thy lord. Firstly, may Valdo Marx, the troubadour of Cidaris, be struck down with apoplexy and die. Secondly, the Countess de Stael must welcome me back with glee, open arms, and very little clothing. Thirdly-
                    Geralt: Jaskier! [He grabs the back of Jaskier’s top and pulls him backward.]
                    Jaskier: Wha-
                    Geralt: Stop! There are only three wishes.
                    Jaskier: Oh, come on, you always say you want nothing from life. So how was I supposed to know you wanted three wishes all to yourself?
                    Geralt: I just want some damn peace!
                    Jaskier: Well, here’s your peace! [He throws the pot to the ground where it breaks. Geralt bares his teeth and growls before he bows down to collect the pieces, missing the fresh cut on his forearm. The wind intensifies and Jaskier raises a hand to his throat.] Geralt… Geralt… it’s the djinn! [Geralt casts a magical sign at the black, transparent smoke rushing by. Jaskier doubles over and clutches his throat.]
                    Geralt: Jaskier. [Jaskier vomits blood.]

                    [Geralt and Jaskier ride on Roach into a camp]
                    Geralt: Is there a doctor here?
                    Militia guard: Yes, yes. Chireadan, the elf healer. [pointing] Over there. [Geralt helps Jaskier down and towards the tent.]

                    [inside Chireadan’s tent]
                    Chireadan: A djinn in a bottle? It’s like a fairy tale.
                    Geralt: Without the happy ending. Can you help him?
                    Chireadan: [inspecting the bulge that is Jaskier’s throat] Oh, dear.
                    Geralt: What?
                    Chireadan: I assure you I have received the best medical education right here in Rinde, but… these injuries are of a magical nature. I can help with the pain, but it’s a bit like…
                    Geralt: Putting salve on a tumor?
                    Jaskier: No!
                    Chireadan: His throat was attacked. If the spell’s action isn’t halted as soon as possible, that damage might be irreversible.
                    Jaskier: Wha- [vomiting more blood]
                    Chireadan: And the longer he goes untreated, the more likely it is to spread. He could die.
                    Jaskier: [gasps] Fuck! Geralt.
                    Geralt: Uh... Yeah, we won‘t let that happen. [pats Jaskier’s back]
                    Chireadan: [helps Jaskier drink a potion] The medicine should buy him a few hours, but he needs a magical remedy. You’ll have to take him to another town.
                    Geralt: There isn’t a mage here?
                    Chireadan: Uh… The mayor says they are dangerous.
                    Geralt: What aren’t you saying? Tell me.
                    Chireadan: Well… there… there is one mage. I… was tasked with bringing this mage to justice. But I was unable to penetrate certain defenses. The mayor himself has made the catch and has imprisoned the mage in his house.
                    Geralt: That wasn’t so fucking hard, was it? [pulls Jaskier to his feet]
                    Chireadan: Be careful. The mage is powerful and malicious. And quite cunning.
                    Geralt: I’ll go find him.

                    [Rinde, the mayor’s manor. Yennefer paints her lips.]
                    Tissaia: You like pain. I get it.
                    Yennefer: I inflict pain.
                    Tissaia: My dear, you still think there’s a difference. It’s been too long. I haven’t seen you for years. Not since you maneuvered your way onto Aedirn’s court.
                    Yennefer: Hm.
                    Tissaia: I heard that went well.
                    Yennefer: King Virfuril is fine, I’m sure.
                    Tissaia: He’s dead now. King Demavend reigns now. Down south, Fringilla’s thrived in the post that should’ve been yours. The rightful heir returned to Nilfgaard and she’s helped him restore peace.
                    Yennefer: Why are you here?
                    Tissaia: You remained hidden for a while. But now, you’re making noise. You’re looking for something. You’re wasting your time. The so-called mages you’re enlisting will not help you with your problem. And if you’re not careful, you will become just like them… irrelevant. You are pure chaos right now. You want a cure, and it’s making you sloppy. The Brotherhood left you to your own devices once you abandoned Aedirn. But this behavior, flaunted in direct conflict with their agenda, will not be tolerated. They will come after you.
                    Yennefer: That’s why you’re here. To warn me. [sarcastically] How can I ever repay you?
                    Tissaia: Don’t be petty. This is on you. You knew the cost of enchantment.
                    Yennefer: But I didn’t know what it would mean to me.
                    Tissaia: What does it mean to you? Why? Why do you want a baby?
                    Yennefer: The continent is vast. Just because you don’t know of a cure doesn’t mean there isn’t one. It’s simply beyond your scope.
                    Tissaia: It is time to move on. Return to Aretuza.
                    Yennefer: No, thank you. Aretuza might be everything to you, but I’d rather forget it.
                    Tissaia: Aretuza is everything to the continent, to world order. I am here to offer you a chance for redemption. Aedirn, all of this nonsense, will be forgiven and forgotten. You can use your talents to shape a new generation.
                    Yennefer: Am I hearing this right? The great Tissaia wants my help? What’s the matter? Have you lost your touch?
                    Tissaia: Only you can be thrown a lifeline and think that you are saving me.
                    Yennefer: You’re afraid I’ll be everything you could never be… without you. Which is the rub. You only want me to do well so long as you had your hand in it.
                    Tissaia: How did we get this way? I gave you all I could give. What more do you want?
                    Yennefer: Everything. You may go, rectoress. I have business to attend to. [Tissaia leaves through a portal.]

                    [Rinde, night. Outside the mayor’s manor, Roach gallops onto the premises with Geralt and Jaskier on her back.]
                    Giant bald guard: Woah. [stops them] A fee for entrance.
                    Geralt: A fee to see the mayor? This is urgent.
                    Giant bald guard: I don’t make the rules, but money opens all doors.
                    Geralt: Hm. [He hits the guard over the head with a small sack.]

                    [Inside the manor, Geralt carries Jaskier over one shoulder and sets him down on a table in the kitchen. Looking around he sees the naked mayor, Beau Berrant.]
                    Geralt: Whoa!
                    Beau Berrant: [drops the pitcher he was holding] Welcome… to my home.
                    Geralt: You’re the mayor of Rinde? Not exactly what I was expecting.
                    Jaskier: May- May- [whimpers]
                    Geralt: [to Berrant] Sorry, he’s in a bad way. Is there a mage that lives here?
                    Beau Berrant: [looks at another pitcher on the table] Ah. The apple juice! She wants some. And she always gets… what she wants.
                    Geralt: [to Jaskier] I don’t understand. Does he want me to get him the apple juice?
                    Jaskier: I don’t know.
                    Geralt: [grabs the pitcher and notices the mayor has sat down and fallen asleep] Oh… Good.
                    [He leads Jaskier out of the room. Opening a door they enter a corridor where a thick fog covers the ground.] The fuck?
                    [They continue down a hallway and stop in a wide door taking in the scene in front of them. Geralt sighs and scowls.] Hm.
                    [Amid the fog dozens of naked and scantily clad figures perform various acts of lovemaking, some of them wearing half masks. At the other side of the room sits Yennefer, twirling an empty goblet in one hand. Geralt leads Jaskier towards her, but sets him down halfway.] Stay.
                    [Reaching Yennefer] I, uh… [He scowls and swallows.] brought you apple juice.
                    Yennefer: And quite a bit more. You’re immune.
                    Geralt: You must be the mage.
                    Yennefer: Yennefer of Vengerberg.
                    Geralt: Hm. Chireadan didn’t mention that, uh…
                    Yennefer: What did he fail to mention?
                    Geralt: We need your help.
                    Yennefer: “We”? [Geralt looks to Jaskier who gives a feeble wave.] Just a friend, I hope? [Geralt looks back at her.] Your heartbeat, it’s extraordinarily slow. You’re… a mutant.
                    Geralt: A witcher. Geralt of Rivia.
                    Yennefer: The famous White Wolf! [Standing up she steps close to Geralt.] I thought you’d have fangs or horns or something.
                    Geralt: I had them filed down.
                    Yennefer: [chuckles] First time I’ve seen a witcher up close. [She circles him, looks him over.] What little spells can you cast with your hands? Call it professional curiosity.
                    Geralt: Please, Jaskier here needs immediate attention. And then, if you’d like, I’ll indulge your curiosity all night long.
                    Yennefer: It won’t take all night. But I’m sure we can find a way to fill the time.
                    Geralt: [holding up the small sack with the pot’s shards] He was attacked by a djinn.
                    Yennefer: A djinn?
                    Geralt: Whatever’s wrong with him, it’s spreading. [Yennefer takes the sack and inspects the contents.] Fix it and I’ll pay you. Whatever the price.
                    Yennefer: You’ll have to do better than juice. [to the undulating figures] "Ragamuffin"! [Her spell breaks, leaving the people scared and confused.]

                    [Later, in the kitchen]
                    Yennefer: He’s in a deep healing sleep.
                    Geralt: How long will he sleep for?
                    Yennefer: Long enough for you to bathe. [She sets a bundle of black clothing on the table.]
                    Geralt: [frowns] How did you… Oh, right. Magic. And I hardly think bathing in this house is gonna leave me any cleaner.
                    Yennefer: I insist. I can not only guess the age and breed of your horse, but also its color… by the smell.
                    Geralt: Hm.

                    [Later, in the bathroom, Geralt takes a bath while Yennefer keeps him company]
                    Yennefer: Fishing for a djinn seems an extreme measure to remedy sleeplessness.
                    Geralt: When extreme measures seem reasonable, yes, I’m desperate.
                    Yennefer: And yet you didn’t ask me to help with that.
                    Geralt: Looming death kind of jumped the queue. Now I’m wondering if I can afford you. Have I accidentally agreed to indentured servitude? [Yennefer notices his scars.] Go ahead, ask about them. Everyone does.
                    Yennefer: Everyone else is boring. [She undresses and steps into the tub.] Turn around.
                    Geralt: [Tries to look at her in a mirror, but Yennefer moves it with magic so he can’t see] That’s cheating.
                    Yennefer: Nobody smart plays fair. Tell me, are all witchers similarly blessed? [She sits down so they’re back to back.] Come now, you promsed.
                    Geralt: Hm. I haven’t conducted a survey, but I’d hardly say we’re blessed.
                    Yennefer: Oh, don’t be so grim. You were created by magic. Our magic.
                    Geralt: Thank you. Made for a magical childhood.
                    Yennefer: Happy childhoods make for dull company.
                    Geralt: Judging by your wrists and your wits, your childhood was very happy. But Aretuza fixed you up nicely. What was your ailment before? Clubbed foot? Split ends?
                    Yennefer: Tell me, are there women who find this coarseness charming? Maybe some place where they find your coin very charming indeed.
                    Geralt: Hm. You seem to find coin pretty charming yourself. Clearly capitalizing on the political situation here.
                    Yennefer: I’m serving the stifled people of this town. Filling a need. Ever heard of it?
                    Geralt: Hm. It’s fine to fly in the face of overzealous authority, but to pretend it’s anything other than making a profit…
                    Yennefer: And to pretend you’re after a djinn to cure insomnia?
                    Geralt: Hmm… [inhales] Fortunately for you, once I’ve paid for your kind services, it’ll be none of your concern.
                    Yennefer: Fortunately for you, I’ve determined your company and conversation payment enough. [Geralt stares at her, then gets out of the tub.] What’s the matter? Water not suit?

                    [Later, bedroom. Jaskier lies unconscious on the bed as Geralt enters the room, tugging on the clothes Yennefer provided him.]
                    Geralt: This is a little tight.
                    Yennefer: I believed I sized you up quite right. [Geralt approaches the bed and sighs.] Do you doubt my capabilities?
                    Geralt: No. Just your intentions. I said some things to him. He’s a…
                    Yennefer: [skeptically] A friend?
                    Geralt: I’d like it not to be the last thing he remembers.
                    Yennefer: He won’t remember much if he’s dead. [chuckles] It’ a joke. He will survive. And recover his vocal talents. Does that satisfy you?
                    Geralt: Not in the slightest. But don’t reproach yourself for it, Yennefer. [stepping closer] I’m not easily satisfied. [noticing the sign drawn in wax onto the ground in front of the bed] It’s the sign from the seal. I’ll be taking Jaskier now.
                    Yennefer: If you wake him before he’s healed, the spell won’t take. That’s no way to treat a friend, Geralt.
                    Geralt: You want the djinn, but the amphora’s broken. The djinn’s already long gone. [Suddenly the candles around the sign flare up.]
                    Yennefer: [rubbing perfume onto her wrists] Do go on. Tell me how stuff works. The djinn is tied to this plane and its master. How many wishes did the bard express before he lost his voice?
                    Geralt: You need Jaskier to make his last wish so you can capture it.
                    Yennefer: So that’s… two then.
                    Geralt: The djinn will fight you. If you try and bend it- [He breaks off, clears his throat then inhales.] Ah… That scent… Lilac and…
                    Yennefer: Gooseberries. [Geralt exhales sharply.] Tough to get in your head. You have a strong will, but you can’t contend with me. Sorry I couldn’t be direct, I knew you’d fight it. [She leans up to kiss him, bites on his bottom lip until it bleeds.] And I do love a good old-fashioned trap.
                    Geralt: [slurring] A good old-fashioned… nap. [His eyes flutter shut.]

                    [Rinde, holding cells. Chireadan and Geralt are shackled and jailed.]
                    Chireadan: Wake up. Wake up!
                    Geralt: [grunts and opens his eyes to find Chireadan staring down at him] Chireadan.
                    Chireadan: At long last.
                    Geralt: [sits up with a groan and looks around] Where are we?
                    Chireadan: At the spa. Where do you think we are? I hope your rampage was well worth it.
                    Geralt: [stands up] “Rampage”? What did I do?
                    Chireadan: Where to begin? You… attacked a pawnbroker in his shop, kicking him in the delicate places.
                    Geralt: Hm. [Geralt rattles at the bars.]
                    Chireadan: You also dragged the apothecary into the street, pulled down his pants and thrashed his arse with a belt. Both are on the town council, who are voting to usurp the mayor and kick Yennefer out. Any of this ring a bell?
                    Geralt: Like a faded dream.
                    Chireadan: She had you enact revenge on her behalf. I tried to stop you, but the guards assumed I was there to abet. The sentence will be passed by the very council member you attacked. It is sure to be death.
                    Geralt: I suppose that’s one way of getting some rest.
                    Chireadan: Why on earth would you enlist the mage’s help after my warning? It’s like you thought the scorpion were prettier than a spider because of its lovely tail.
                    Geralt: You weren’t exactly forthcoming.
                    Chireadan: I admit I could’ve better prepared you for Yennefer.
                    Geralt: [cocks his head] You’re under her spell, aren’t you?
                    Chireadan: I wish I was, but no. It’s a simple issue of body chemistry.
                    Geralt: You’re in love with her?
                    Chireadan: And I think perhaps you my understand me. [A doors opens and the giant bald guard approaches their cell.] I thought it would take longer to build the scaffold.
                    Geralt: Ah, fuck.
                    Giant bald guard: Here you are. Remember me? Did not know you were a witcher. I’ve always wanted to play with one.

                    [At the manor, Jaskier lies asleep in the bed while Yennefer sits at the foot of the bed drawing lines on her bare abdomen.]
                    Jaskier: [wakes with a groan] Oh! Where am I? [spotting Yennefer] Whew! Um… Right. Good. Good. Um… Not to be… untoward or anything… [chuckles nervously] but… did- did we… you know… do the, uh… [Yennefer turns toward him.] Ooh, Go- Oh, no! No! [He scrambles out of bed.] Definitely did not butter that biscuit. Look, I am so sorry, but I’ve just remembered I left my… cat on the… stove. I- I really must be going. [pulls on his boots]
                    Yennefer: [follows him] Express your deepest desire and you can be on your way. [picks up a knife]
                    Jaskier: Well, my deepest desires are currently satisfied, thank you so much.
                    Yennefer: [She shoves him against the wall with magic.] How’s your throat?
                    Jaskier: Uh…
                    Yennefer: Perhaps you should try some scales.
                    Jaksier: Uh… [starts singing] Toss a coin to your witcher / O valley of- [Yennefer grabs his groin.] Penis! Oh, God.
                    Yennefer: [puts the blade to his throat] If you want to keep all you have… [squeezing his groin] make a damn wish.

                    [Iin the holding cells, the giant bald guard beats Geralt up, slamming his face against the ground]
                    Giant bald guard: What’s the difference between a witcher and a tub of dung? [pulls Geralt up to knee him in the face]
                    Geralt: [chuckles] Ah, I know that one.
                    Giant bald guard: [pulls Geralt to his feet, punches him in the back, then in his face.] What is repulsive, deviant and cannot smell? [punching Geralt’s face] A witcher without a nose. [Geralt falls to his hands and knees and groans in pain.] Last words, witcher. Make them good.
                    Geralt: I want you to burst, you son of a whore. [A sudden breeze blows through the cell and the guard’s head explodes.]
                    Chireadan: You’re the one with the wishes. [Geralt pulls up his sleeve to find a second cut on his forearm.]

                    [In the bedroom of the mayor’s manor]
                    Yennefer: Make your wish! Do it now!
                    Jaskier: I don’t- I don’t know- I-I wish very badly to leave this place forever.
                    Yennefer: [Starts chanting in Elder and a fierce wind fills the room.]

                    [Outside the manor]
                    Jaskier: Oh, Geralt. Thank the gods. I might live to see another day. We need to go.
                    Geralt: Jaskier, you’re okay.
                    Jaskier: I’m glad to hear that you give a monkey’s about it.
                    Geralt: Let’s not jump to conclusions. What happened?
                    Jaskier: Well, I was having a rather lovely dream which then turned into a nightmare. There were naked women in both parts. The first one was loving, tender, very generous. The second, significantly more terrifying.
                    Geralt: Tell me about the second one.
                    Jaskier: Well, black hair, devilish eyes, was painting an amphora on her abdomen. You know, the usual.
                    Geralt: She wants to be the vessel.
                    Jaskier: What, you know this woman? Of course you know this woman.
                    Geralt: She wants to become more powerful. But she’ll die.
                    Jaskier: Well, let’s pray for her on our way out of town. [Geralt marches toward the manor.] Oh… [Jaskier and Chireadan chase him.] Are you perhaps short of a marble?
                    Chireadan: You have to go in there, don’t you? I recognize the look. I know how you feel.
                    Geralt: You’re making me uncomfortable.
                    Jaskier: Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Do not tell me that this is finally the moment you’ve decided to actually care about someone other than yourself? Leave the very sexy but insane witch to her inevitable demise!
                    Geralt: She saved your life, Jaskier. I can’t let her die.

                    [In the bedroom]
                    Yennefer: [still chanting in Elder]
                    Geralt: [as he enters, Yennefer lifts a hand in his direction.] Don’t! I’m here to help you.
                    Yennefer: [lowers her hand] I don’t need your help. You’re free. No longer under my spell.
                    Geralt: And yet here I am.
                    Yennefer: You seem to want to meet your end.
                    Geralt: As do you.
                    Yennefer: [groans] The djinn isn’t weakening. The bard expressed his last wish, but it’s- [screams] it’s getting stronger! Go!
                    Geralt: That’s because I’m the one with the wishes.
                    Yennefer: You? You’re the djinn’s master?
                    Geralt: Yeah.
                    Yennefer: Well, what are you waiting for? [She screams as her bones crack.] Make your wishes!
                    Geralt: Becoming the vessel for the djinn will have you lose control, not gain it! Can’t you see what this is doing to you?
                    Yennefer: True transformation is painful.
                    Geralt: Release the djinn! I’ll give you my last wish!
                    Yennefer: You heroic protector… noble dog, permitting my success so long as you command it yourself. Fuck off! I’ll do this myself!
                    Geralt: Damn it, Yennefer! Tell me what you want!
                    Yennefer: I want everything!

                    [Outside the manor, the mayor stumbles out]
                    Jaskier: Sir, what’s going on in that house?
                    Beau Berrant: My house. And… I have no idea!
                    [Cracks appear in the building’s walls.]

                    [In the bedroom, Yennefer’s eyes have gone red, her voice distorted]
                    Djinn: [speaking through Yennefer] Make your wish! You can have anything you want! You could choose not to be a witcher. What do you desire? Immortality? Riches? Fame? Power?
                    Geralt: I wish… [The rest of his words are drowned out by the wind. Yennefer falls forward and the wind calms down. Geralt pulls up his sleeve to reveal the third cut.]
                    Yennefer: The djinn… Wh- Where did it go? [The house groans and creaks, and the two look to the ceiling as it crashes down.]

                    [Outside the manor]
                    Chireadan: Are you sure they were up there?
                    Jaskier: This can’t be happening. This can’t be happening.
                    Chireadan: She could not have survived it.
                    Jaskier: Why did Geralt go in there? It doesn’t make any sense. What, to save a mad fucking witch? Why?
                    Chireadan: Because she was magnificent.

                    [Yennefer and Geralt portal into the room inside the manor, where they first met.]
                    Geralt: Yennefer? [He gets to his knees and shifts the hair of her face.] Yennefer. It’s me… Geralt.
                    Yennefer: [She opens slowly her eyes, shoves Geralt away and rises.] I know who you are. What did you do? You stopped me, didn’t you? I nearly had it.
                    Geralt: You had shit all. I saved your life.
                    Yennefer: And I saved yours! You let the djinn escape. Who knows what havoc it’ll wreak now that it has no vessel at all?
                    Geralt: No more havoc than you. Djinns are only dark creatures when held captive.
                    Yennefer: How can you be so sure?
                    Geralt: When did you last feel happy when you felt trapped? And if you were going to portal us to safety, you could’ve taken us out of this shit town!
                    Yennefer: A fine critique if you could make a portal yourself. And it wasn’t a shit town, it was a fine town till you came along. I had a plan!
                    Geralt: [chuckles] And that was going swimmingly!
                    Yennefer: It was. Like a drowning fish. [They kiss and begin to have sex.]

                    [Outside]
                    Jaskier: [kneeling on the ground] What am I supposed to do now, hm? It wasn’t supposed to go this way. I’m gonna write you… the best song…
                    [Walking along the building Chireadan spots Geralt and Yennefer through a window.] So that everyone remembers who you were, what we did, everything we saw. And I will sing it… for the rest of my days. He always said I had the most wonderful singing voice.
                    Chireadan: [kneels down in front of Jaskier and lays a hand on his shoulder] They’re alive.
                    Jaskier: Bollocks. [stands up and moves to the window] Geralt? Oh, they’re alive. They’re really alive! Whoo! I mean, he-
                    Chireadan: [pulls him away] Come on.
                    Jaskier: Whoa, hang on!

                    [Inside, Yennefer rolls off Geralt]
                    Yennefer: I was right about you. You do know something of pleasure. Fleeting, but highly effective, I’ll admit.
                    Geralt: I was right about you too.
                    Yennefer: Which part? There was a number of things. Which part?
                    Geralt: Doesn’t matter. My plan worked.
                    Yennefer: There was no plan. You were making it up as you went along. Any fool could see. What did you wish for? Tell me. Geralt? [She looks over to Geralt to find him asleep.]

                    [A fern-covered dell in Brokilon Forest]
                    Dryad: [echoing] Weapons, weapons… [A number of dryads rise from among the ferns, crossbows at the ready.]
                    Dryad general: [speaking Elder] Someone’s coming. [She fires a warning shot.]
                    Doppler: Stop, please! I’ve come for the girl. [They step into the forest with their hands raised.]

                    [Elsewhere in Brokilon Forest, a dryad shows Ciri how to fasten a bolt head.]
                    Gatherer dryad: You try. [As dryads approach with the doppler she takes the bolt out of Ciri’s hands again.]
                    Eithne: [speaking in Elder] Who enters our forest?
                    Dryad general: [speaking in Elder] He claims he knows the child.
                    Ciri: [jumps up and runs to the doppler] Mousesack!
                    Doppler: Your Highness.
                    Ciri: [She pulls them up and hugs them when they kneel before her.] What are you doing, silly? [turns around, to Dara] Dara, this is Mousesack. He’s known me since I was borne. He’s like…
                    Dara: Like family.
                    Ciri: [to the doppler] What happened to you? Where did you go on that street?
                    Doppler: What matters is I’ve found my way back to you. I’ve come to take you to your rightful place.
                    Eithne: Ciri has chosen to stay with us.
                    Doppler: It was her grandmother’s dying wish that she should go to Geralt of Rivia. [to Ciri] I know where to find him.
                    Dryad general: She’s been promised to him through the Law of Surprise.
                    Ciri: [walks over to Eithne] You’ve been so kind to me, but Mousesack is all I have left of home. Maybe… he’s the other edge of my destiny. [to Dara] And you can come with us.
                    Dara: Are you sure about leaving?
                    Ciri: I need answers. And I need you. You’re my family too now, remember?
                    Eithne: The burden of power… can be painful. Be vigilant. Always ask the right questions. Your destiny is… in your own hands and no one else’s. Farewell, special one.
                    Ciri: [They hug.] Thank you. For everything. [She turns away, to the gatherer dryad.] Bye.

            [Jaskier, Roach and two men waiting in front of a cavern for Geralt]
            Jaskier: [singing] I’m weak, love, and I am wanting / If this is the path I must trudge / I’ll welcome my sentence / Give to you my penance / Gorgeous garrotter, jury and judge… Lovely garrotter… Gorgeous garro- [stops singing] Which one do you prefer? “Lovely”? “Gorgeous”? Is the whole metaphor landing, or is it too cerebral?
            the butcher: [to the alderman] It’s been an hour.
            Jaskier: [singing in the background] Gorgeous garrotter…
            the butcher: Let’s get on before the beast gets hungry again.
            the alderman: But we made a deal.
            the butcher: We made a deal with a livin’ witcher. No sense in hangin’ around to pay a dead one.
            Jaskier: [singing] Gorgeous garrotter… [noticing the butcher taking a saddle bag off Roach and loading it onto the alderman’s shoulder] Bollocks! Oi! No. No, no, no! No! Aah! You stop- stop that, or I- I’ll, uh…
            the butcher: Or you’ll what? Sing us to death?
            Borch: [suddenly appearing besides Jaskier with Téa and Véa] Perhaps you did not hear the man.
            Jaskier: Yeah! Perhaps you didn’t… Di- Sorry, who are you?
            the butcher: Move along, old man.
            Borch: Do as the bard asks or I’ll be forced to draw my weapons.
            the butcher: What weapons? I see no steel ‘ere.
            [He shoves Borch who is caught by Véa before he can fall. Meanwhile Téa breaks the butcher’s neck.]
            Jaskier: Oh! Woah!
            Téa: [to the dead butcher] Steel won’t be necessary.
            Geralt: [Throws a monster’s chopped off head out before he exits the cave himself. To the alderman with the saddle bags on his shoulder] I believe those are mine. [The alderman drops them and tosses him a purse of coins.]
            Jaskier: Geralt, they- With the- [pointing at Téa] This woman just killed a man with her bare hands for trying to steal your horse.
            Geralt: Maybe she’ll make a better travel companion, then.
            Jaskier: Wha- Uh, I’m sorry, who are you, exactly?
            Borch: I am Borch Three Jackdaws. These are my companions, Téa and Véa. I’ve been looking for you, Geralt of Rivia.

            [in a tavern]
            Borch: This is a first for me, and that’s saying something. I’ve very few firsts left. But to dine with the Geralt of Rivia… Your adventures are legend.
            Jaskier: [to Geralt] You’re welcome. [to the innkeeper] Est Est, small.
            Borch: I suppose you want me to tell you why I’ve sought out such an accomplished monster hunter.
            Geralt: Don’t trouble yourself on my account. I just want food.
            Borch: I knew I’d like you. That was the first reason. [to the innkeeper] One of everything you have. And keep the ale coming! [They sit down at a table near the fire.]
            innkeeper: On it’s way.
            Borch: Second one is this. A short while ago, a green dragon landed across the border in King Niedamir’s mountains. I know what you’re thinking. “Impossible, dragons are so rare.” But it’s true. Local spotted it and went after it in search for treasure. Of course, they succeeded only in wounding the creature and angering it so righteously that it swooped down from its lair and set half a hillside ablaze.
            Geralt: Hm.
            Borch: Dead sheep everywhere.
            Jaskier: [to Véa as she’s drinking] You have the most incredible neck. It’s lie a… sexy goose.
            Geralt: [gives Jaskier a sidelong glance with an irritated frown] Ugh.
            Jaskier: Gu-Guzzling. [Téa and Véa turn away cringing.]
            Borch: Now, the King is in a bind. He’s set to marry the princess of his rival kingdom, Malleore, which means it’s bad timing to have a murderous pest lurking about in the mountains. He’s commissioned a hunt to kill it. Four teams have signed on. The winner gets the dragon treasure hoard plus the title of lord over one of his new vassal states. That is… if he survives.
            Geralt: What does this have to do with me?
            Borch: I want you to join my team.
            Jaskier: I can hear it now, a tale of two Zerrikanians and their valiant poet lover. Oh! We’re so doing this. We’re in.
            Geralt: You’ve wasted your breath, Borch. I don’t kill dragons. Take my advice. No treasure is worth dying for.
            Borch: Depends on the treasure. What I need is… a new adventure. One final first before I’m too old to do anything but die.
            Geralt: And you think killing a dragon will bring you that?
            Borch: All I know is there’s one path up the mountain, and it’s overrun with monsters. With you on my team, dear Witcher, we’ll be unstoppable.
            Yannick: [standing on a table] Someone get me a fuckin’ drink! Barman.
            Borch: Those dwarfs will be part of the hunt.
            Yannick: [being ignored] Barman.
            Jaskier: Geralt could handle them in his sleep.
            Yarpen: [hits his hand on the table and jumps onto the counter] Fuckin’ right! [grabs the innkeeper by his shirt and shakes him] He said he wants four fuckin’ pints! Now.
            Jaskier: Or maybe a little bit awake.
            Téa: Then there are the Reaves. [They look over to Boholt who eyes Geralt.] have you heard of them, Witcher?
            Geralt: Yes. And the answer is no.
            Borch: You feel it just the same as me… that hole inside you. That itch that can’t be scratched that burns your brain, keeps you awake at night. Come with me. I’ll show you what you’re missing.
            Geralt: What am I missing?
            Jaskier: Sorry to interrupt this lovely moment… That’s only three. Where’s the- What’s the fourth team?`
            Geralt: Hm.
            Borch: [turns around and points at Eyck of Denesle and Yennefer as they enter the tavern] Them.
            Jaskier: [Yennefer spots Geralt and they lock eyes.] Oh! [Jaskier laughs.] Ooh-hoo-hoo! Oh, no, no, no. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Thank you so much. It’s been very nice. Thank you for the wine and the pies, but as the man said, we really can’t get involved. [nudges Geralt’s shoulder] Geralt, shall we?
            Geralt: I’m in.
            Jaskier: Mother of…
            Borch: The hunt begins at sunrise.